2 Pacs of Eminems for 50 Cents? Man that's Ludacris
A butcher goes on a first date and says 'It was nice meating you'
A cat told a frog "time flies when you are having fun"    The frog corrected her "Actually it's time is fun when you're having flies!"
A chicken crossing the road is poultry in motion.
A grasshopper walks into a bar.    The bartender says "Hey we have a drink named after you."    The surpised grasshopper says "You have a drink named Shaun?"
A hedgehog walks and bumps into a cactus and says "Mom, is that you?"
An elephant flew past at 200 miles per hour. It was a Nelliecopter
A police recruit was asked during the exam, "What would you do if you had to arrest your own mother?" He said, "Call for backup."
Are the shows at Sea World fun?    Dolphinately.
Are you a horse? Yay or neigh?
A three legged dog walks in the bar and says - "I'm lookin' for the guy who shot my paw"
At what time do most people go to the dentist? At tooth-hurty
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
Being honest may not get you a lot of FRIENDS but it'll always get you the RIGHT ONES.
Birdie, birdie in the sky, dropped some white stuff in my eye, I'm a big girl I won't cry, I'm just glad that cows don't fly.
Change is hard. Have you ever tried to bend a coin?
Cook a man a fish and you feed him for a day. But teach a man to fish and you get rid of him for the whole weekend.
Customer: "Do you have alligator shoes?"    Clerk: "Yes, sir. What size does your alligator wear?"
Did you hear about the ant that wasn't allowed in the Catholic Church?    He was Protest-ant.
Did you hear about the crab that went to the seafood disco?    He pulled a muscle
Did you hear about the farmer who fed his cows birdseed and started selling cheep milk
Did you hear about the fight in the kitchen?    A fish got battered.
Did you hear about the frog with glasses?    He had to go to the Hopthalmologist.
Did you hear about the hungry clock? It went back four seconds.
Did you hear about the Kangaroo with glasses?    He had to go to the Hopthalmologist.
Did you hear about the old chameleon that couldn't change colour? He had a reptile disfunction.
Did you hear about the party at the Chinese zoo?    It was Panda-monium.
Did you know that dolphins sometimes eat cephalopods like an octopus?    Seriously, I'm not squidding.
Did you know the Octopus is the only fish that can squirt ink?    Just Squidding.
Does R2D2 have any brothers?    No. Only transisters.
Don't tell a secrets in a cornfield. There are too many ears
Don't tell me a funny lion joke or I'll puma pants.
Ever heard a frog fart? If not, you ain't squeezing him hard enough.
For the first time, we are going to have a HAPPY Thanksgiving. This year, I am stuffing the turkey with Prozac!
Have you heard the one about the flying spaceship?    Never mind it's over your head.
Hey, I changed my password to incorrect because if I forget, it would say your password is incorrect!
How can you tell if you are looking at a police glow worm?    it has a blue light!
How can you tell which end of a worm is which?    Tickle it in the middle and see which end laughs!
How could the dolphin afford to buy a house?    He prawned everything!
How do caterpillars order the lastest fashions?    Caterloges
How does a frog win a gold medal?    In the long jump.
How does a mouse feel after it takes a shower?    Squeaky clean!
How does an octopus go to war?    Well-armed!
How do fireflies start a race?    Ready steady glow!
How do frogs die?    They kermit suicide!
How do frogs manage to lay so many eggs?    They sit eggsaminations!
How do frogs & rabbits settle their disputes?    They play hopscotch!
How do martians eat their ice creams in space?    In floats!
How do mice celebrate when they move home?    With a mouse warming party!
How do shellfish get to the hospital?    In a clambulance.
How do snails get their shells so shiny?    They use snail varnish!
How do snails make important calls?    On shell phones.
How do spiders communicate? Through the World Wide Web.
How do you catch a fish without a fishing pole? With your BEAR hands.
How do you find where a flea has bitten you?    Start from scratch!
How do you keep a fish from smelling?    Cut off his nose.
How do you keep flies out of the kitchen?    Put a pile of manure in the living room!
How do you know if an ant is a male or a female.    They would call them uncles if they were males.
How do you know it's time to buy new shoes?    When you stand on a penny and can tell if it's heads or tails.
How do you know when there is an elephant under your bed?    When your nose touches the ceiling!
How do you make a firefly happy?    Cut off its tail and it will be de-lighted.
How do you make an Octupus laugh?    With ten-tickles
How do you make a shrimp laugh?    Tell a whale of a tale.
How do you organize a space party?    You planet!
How do you prepare a Baboon sundae?    Your start getting it ready Fridae and Saturdae!
How do you save a drowning mouse?    Use mouse to mouse resuscitation!
How do you start an insect race?    One, two, flea - go!
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Tentacles.
How tall is the worlds largest centipede?    A centi-meter.
How to fleas travel?    Itch hiking!
I am going bananas. Thats what i say to my bananas before i leave the house
I asked my dog what's that thing on top of the house?    And the he said "Roof Roof".
I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
I'd tell you a joke about space, but... it's too out of this world!
If a crocodile makes shoes, what does a banana make?    Slippers.
I felt so guilty after I stepped on that spider this morning. You should of seen him, he looked genuinely crushed.
If money doesn't grow on trees why do banks have branches?
If you are running next to me on the treadmill, the answer is YES, we are racing.
If you put 30 female Apes and 30 male Apes in a bedroom, what do you have?    A very large bedroom.
If you think of a better fish pun. Let minnow.
If you throw a great Ape into one of the Great Lakes, what will it become?    Wet!
If you want a pet bee, you must be called a wanna-bee.
I had a dream I was a muffler and I woke up exhausted.
I hated my job as an origami teacher. Too much paperwork.
I have never seen a fruit PUNCH and a cereal BOX
I heard chickens are cheeper by the dozen.
I invited a teddy bear round for dinner yesterday. I offered him some food but he said no thanks I'm stuffed
I invited a teddy bear to dinner yesterday. I offered him some food but he said no thanks I'm stuffed.
I know a whale joke. Its a real killer.
I know some jokes about unemployment but they need some work.
I love pressing F5. It's so refreshing.
I'm going to stand outside. So if anyone asks, I am outstanding.
I moustache you a question, but I'll shave it for later.
I'm so bright my mother calls me son.
I saw a man at the beach screaming, "Help, shark, help!" I laughed because I knew the shark wasn't going to help him.
Is it wrong to tell a knock-knock joke to a homeless person?
I suppose when you've seen one lion catch a zebra, you've seen a maul.
I tried to catch some fog earlier. I mist.
It's been scientifically proven that too many birthdays can kill you!
I've just opened a new restaurant called Karma. There's no menu, we just give you what you deserve.
I was going to do a joke about watches and clocks , but I have not got the time.
I wonder if earth makes fun of other planets for having no life.
Knock knock    Who's there    Ach!    Ach who?    Sounds like your coming down with a cold
Knock Knock    Who's there?    Alex!    Alex who?    Alex the questions round here!
Knock knock    Who's there    Amish    Amish Who?    Awwww How sweet. I miss you too.
Knock, Knock!    Who's there?    A Pile-Up    A Pile-Up Who?    Ewwwwww
Knock Knock    Who's there!    Bat!    Bat who?    Bat you'll never guess!
Knock Knock    Who's there ?    Dishes!    Dishes who?    Dishes the Police come out with your hands up.
Knock, Knock!    Who's there?    Doctor    Doctor who?    That's a great T.V. show, isn't it?
Knock Knock    Who's there?    Doris!    Doris who?    Doris locked that's why I am knocking!
Knock, Knock!    Who's there?    Dumbbell.    Dumbbell who?    Dumbbell doesn't work so I had to knock!
Knock knock!    Who's there?    Dwayne!    Dwayne who?    Dwayne the bathtub, I'm drowning.
Knock Knock    Who's there?    Fish!    Fish who?    Bless you.
Knock knock    Who's there    Gorilla    Gorilla who    Gorilla me a hamburger
Knock, Knock.    Who's there?    Hoo.    Hoo who?    You talk like an owl!
Knock Knock    Who's there !    Ice cream !    Ice cream who ?    Ice cream if you don't let me in!
Knock Knock    Who's there?    Iran!    Iran who?    Iran over here to tell you this!
Knock knock    Who's there    Moustache!    Moustache who?    I moustache you a question, but I'll shave it for later.
Knock Knock    Who's there?    Old lady    Old lady who?    Wow I didn't know you could yodel.
Knock Knock    Who's there?    Opportunity.    Don't be silly - opportunity doesn't knock twice!
Knock Knock    Who's there?    Orange    Orange who?    Orange you going to answer the door?
Knock knock    Who's there    Rhino!    Rhino who?    Rhino every knock knock joke there is.
Knock, knock.    Who's there?    Who.    Who who?    Oh, I didn't know there was an owl in here!
Knock Knock    Who's there?    Wooden shoe.    Wooden shoe who?    Wooden shoe like to hear another knock knock joke?
Knock knock    Who's there    Woo!    Woo who?    Don't get too excited it's just a knock knock joke.
lol = Drowning Man. *lol* = Drowning Cheerleader.
Man delivers load of bubblewrap. Where do you want this he asks. Just pop it in the corner was the reply.
Man: I have a dog that doesn't have a nose.    Other Man: And how does he smell?    Man: Awful.
Me: When you look at your fish sticks what do you see?    Friend: I just seafood (see food)
Mountains aren't just funny, they're hill areas! (hilarious)
Music Teacher: What's your favourite musical instrument? Fat Kid: The lunch bell
My eyelids are so sexy, I can't keep my eyes off them.
My father has the heart of a lion....and a lifetime ban from the zoo.
My sister bet me a £1,000,000 that I couldn't make a car out of spaghetti, you should have seen her face when I drove pasta.
Never give up on your dreams, keep sleeping.
One dog was a great classical music composer...Johan Sebastian BARK!
One hat said to the other you stay here I'll go on a head
Psychiatrist: What seems to be the problem?    Patient: I think I'm a chicken.    Psychiatrist: How long as this been going on?    Patient: Ever since I came out of my shell.
Q: At what time does a duck wake up?    A: At the quack of dawn.
Q: Can February March?     A: No. But April May. Did you hear about the injured vegetable? Some say he got beet.
Q: Can I tell you a joke about paper.     A: Nah, never mind, its tearable.
Q: Can you name 10 dinosaurs in 10 seconds?    A: Yes, 8 Iguanadons and 2 Stegasaurus.
Q: Did you ever hear about that movie constipation?     A: It never came out.
Q: Did you hear about that new broom?     A: It's sweeping the nation!
Q: Did you hear about the angry pancake?     A: He just flipped.
Q: Did you hear about the astronaut who stepped on chewing gum?     A: He got stuck in Orbit.
Q: Did you hear about the blonde who gave her cat a bath?     A: She still hasn't gotten all the hair off her tongue.
Q: Did you hear about the calendar thief?     A: He got 12 months; they say his days are numbered
Q: Did you hear about the carrot detective?     A: He got to the root of every case.
Q: Did you hear about the cat that climbed the Himilayas?    A: She was a sher-paw.
Q: Did you hear about the cat who swallowed a ball of yarn?    A: She had a litter of mittens.
Q: Did you hear about the chicken who could only lay eggs in the winter?    A: She was no spring chicken.
Q: Did you hear about the circus fire?     A: Yeah, it was in'tents'.
Q: Did you hear about the crab that went to the seafood disco?     A: He pulled a muscle
Q: Did you hear about the dancer's birthday?    A: It was a tappy one!
Q: Did you hear about the dog who couldn't stop talking like a horse?    A: It was a dog and pony show.
Q: Did you hear about the ghost comedian?     A: He was booed off stage.
Q: Did you hear about the guy who died when an axe fell on him?     A: The police are calling it an axe-i-dent.
Q: Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda?     A: He was lucky it was a soft drink.
Q: Did you hear about the guy who's whole left side was cut off?     A: He's all right now.
Q: Did you hear about the hairdresser?     A: She dyed.
Q: Did you hear about the horse with the negative attitude?    A: She always said Neigh
Q: Did you hear about the hungry clock?     A: It went back four seconds.
Q: Did you hear about the Italian chef that died?     A: He pasta way.
Q: Did you hear about the kidnapping?     A: He woke up.
Q: Did you hear about the limo driver who went 25 years without a customer?     A: All that time and nothing to chauffeur it.
Q: Did you hear about the love affair between sugar and cream?    A: It was icing on the cake.
Q: Did you hear about the monster with five legs?     A: His trousers fit him like a glove.
Q: Did you hear about the new corduroy pillowcases?     A: Their making headlines...
Q: Did you hear about the new Johnny Depp movie?     A: It's the one rated Arrrr!
Q: Did you hear about the paddle sale at the boat store?     A: It was quite an oar deal.
Q: Did you hear about the painter who was hospitalized?     A: Reports say it was due to too many strokes.
Q: Did you hear about the paper boy?     A: He blew away
Q: Did you hear about the party a little boy had for his sisters barbie dolls? A. It was a Barbie-Q.
Q: Did you hear about the race between the lettuce and the tomato?     A: The lettuce was a "head" and the tomato was trying to "ketchup"!
Q: Did you hear about the rich bunny?    A: He was a millionhare!
Q: Did you hear about the rich rabbit?    A: He was a millionhare!
Q: Did you hear about the shampoo shortage in Jamaica?     A: It's dread-full.
Q: Did you hear about the sick juggler?     A: They say he couldnt stop throwing up!
Q: Did you hear about the snake love letter?    A: He sealed it with a hiss.
Q: Did you hear about the two bats meeting?    A: It was love at first bite!
Q: Did you hear about the two bed bugs who met in the mattress?     A: They got married in the spring.
Q: Did you hear about the two bed bugs who met in the mattress?    A: They got married in the spring
Q: Did you hear about the vampire bicycle that went round biting people's arms off?     A: It was a vicious cycle.
Q: Did you hear about the zoo where the only exhibit was a dog?    A: It was a shih tzu
Q: Did you hear the joke about the germ?     A: Never mind. I don't want to spread it around
Q: Did you hear the joke about the roof?     A: Never mind, it's over your head!
Q: Did you hear the one about the geologist?     A: He took his wife for granite so she left him
Q: Did you hear the one about the owl?    A: It was a hoot.
Q: Did you know that scientists crossed a zebra and a donkey?    A: They called it a zeedonk.
Q: Do bunnies use combs?    A: No, they use hare brushes!
Q: Do you know how long dinosaurs should be fed?    A:  Exactly the same as short dinosaurs!
Q: Do you know why diarrhea is hereditary?     A: Because it runs through your jeans.
Q: Do you want to hear a bad cat joke?    A: Just kitten.
Q: Have you ever hunted bear?    A: No, but I've been shooting in my shorts!
Q: Have you ever tried to eat a clock?     A: It's very time consuming.
Q: Have you heard the joke about the butter?     A: I better not tell you, it might spread.
Q: Have you heard the skunk joke?    A: You don't want to; it really stinks!
Q: How can you get a hippo to do whatever you want?    A: Hipponotism.
Q: How can you revive a snake that looks dead?    A: With mouse-to-mouth resuscitation!
Q: How can you tell a buffalo from a field mouse?    A: Try to pick it up. If you can't, it's either a buffalo or a very overweight mouse.
Q: How can you tell a vampire likes baseball?    A: Every night he turns into a bat.
Q: How can you tell if a buffalo is under your sleeping bag?    A: The ceiling of your tent is very close.
Q. How can you tell if there is a dinosaur in bed with you?    A. By the `D' on his pajamas.
Q: How can you tell if there's a dinosaur in the refrigerator ?    A:  The door won't close!
Q: How can you tell if you have a stupid dog?    A: It chases parked cars!
Q: How can you tell that you're getting old?    A: You go to an antique auction and three people bid on you!
Q: How did the bird break into the house?    A: With a crow bar.
Q: How did the chicken wake up?    A: It had an alarm cluck.
Q: How did the cowboy ride into town on Friday, stay for three days, and ride out on Friday?    A: His horse's name was Friday!
Q: How did the dinosaur feel after he ate a pillow?    A:  Down in the mouth !
Q: How did the dinosaur feel after he ate a pillow?    A:  Down in the mouth!
Q: How did the farmer mend his pants?     A: With cabbage patches!
Q: How did the headless chicken cross the road?    A: in a KFC bucket.
Q: How did the little Scottish dog feel when he saw a monster?    A: Terrier-fied!
Q: How did the panda lose his dinner?    A: He was "Bamboozled"!
Q: How did the police get rid of the bugs?    A: They called the S.W.A.T. team!
Q: How did the sled dog make antifreeze?    A: It ran off with her blanket!
Q: How do baseball players stay cool?     A: They sit next to their fans.
Q: How do bats tell their future?    A: They read their horrorscope.
Q: How do bees brush their hair?    A: With a honey comb!
Q: How do bees get to school?    A: On the school buzz!
Q: How do blue jays stay fit?    A: Wormups.
Q: How do bunnies get from one vegetable garden to another?    A: They take a taxi cabbage!
Q: How do caterpillars order the lastest fashions?    A: Caterloges
Q: How do chimps get down the stairs?    A: They slide down the banana-ster!
Q: How do crazy people go through the forest?     A: They take the psycho path.
Q: How does a bee get to class?    A: On the school-buzz.
Q: How does a chicken mail a letter to her friend?    A: In a HEN-velope!
Q: How does a snake shoot something?    A: With a boa and arrow!
Q: How does a suit put his child into bed?     A: He tux him in
Q: How does Moby Dick celebrate his birthday?    A: He has a whale of a party!
Q: How do fireflies start a race?    A: Ready, Set, Glow!
Q: How do frogs die?    A: They kermit suicide!
Q: How do frogs & rabbits settle their disputes?    A: They play hopscotch!
Q: How do monkeys get down the stairs?    A: They slide down the banana-ster!
Q: How do Penguins drink their cola?    A: On the rocks.
Q: How do pigs write top secret messages?    A: With invisible oink!
Q: How do sheep greet each other at Christmas?    A: Merry Christmas to Ewe!
Q: How do sick kangaroos get better?    A: They have a hoperation!
Q: How do spiders communicate?     A: Through the World Wide Web.
Q: How do toads manage to lay so many eggs?    A: They sit eggsaminations!
Q: How do you ask a dinosaur to lunch?    A:  Tea Rex?
Q: How do you catch a fish without a fishing rod?    A: With your BEAR hands.
Q: How do you catch a monkey?    A: Climb a tree and act like a banana!
Q: how do you catch a tame bunny?    A: Tame way, unique up on it!
Q: How do you catch a unique bunny?    A: Unique up on it!
Q: How do you communicate with a fish?     A: Drop him a line!
Q: How do you drown a Hipster?     A: In the mainstream.
Q: How do you fight a killer bee?    A: With a Buzz-ooka.
Q: How do you get a parrot to talk properly?    A: Send him to polytechnic!
Q: How do you get a raven to stop calling?    A: Take away its cell phone?
Q: How do you get letter to a bunny?    A: Hare mail.
Q: How do you hire a teddy bear?    A: Put him on stilts!
Q: How do you inoculate a hippo?    A: With a hippodermic needle.
Q: How do you know a rabbit is in a good mood?    A: He's hoppy
Q: How do you know carrots are good for your eyes?    A: Did you ever see a bunny with glasses?!
Q. How do you know if there is a Brachiosaurus in bed with you?    A. By the dinosnores.
Q: How do you know that carrots are good for your eyesight?     A: Have you ever seen a rabbit wearing glasses?
Q: How do you know that owls are cleverer than chickens?    A: Have you ever heard of Kentucky-fried owl!
Q: How do you know when a foal is sick?    A: ITS A LITTLE HOARSE.
Q: How do you know when a Mammoth is under your bed?    A: Your nose gets cold because it's squished against the top of your igloo.
Q: How do you know your rat is hungry?    A: He's breathing.
Q: How do you make an Octupus laugh?     A: With ten-tickles
Q: How do you make a skunk stop smelling?    A: Plug up its nose!
Q: How do you make a tissue dance?     A: Put a bogey in it.
Q: How do you make a tissue dance?     A: Put a little boogey in it!
Q: How do you make holy water?     A: Boil the hell out of it!
Q: How do you make sure a hippo is telling you the truth?    A: Make him take the Hippocratic Oath.
Q: How do you measure a snake?    A: In inches. They don't have any feet!
Q: How do you organize a space party?     A: You planet!
Q: How do you repair a broken tomato?     A: Tomato Paste!
Q: How do you run over a Mammoth?    A: Climb up its tail, run to its head, and slide down its trunk.
Q: How do you save a deer during hunting season?    A: You hang on for deer life.
Q: How do you say hello to a hippopotamus?    A: Hi-po!
Q: "How do you shoot a killer bee?"     A: "With a bee bee gun."
Q: How do you start a teddy bear race?    A: Ready, teddy, GO!
Q: How do you take a sick pig to the hospital?    A: In an hambulance!
Q: How do you tell the difference between a walrus and an orange?    A: Put your arms around it and squeeze it. If you don't get orange juice, it's a walrus.
Q: How do you upset a dinosaur?    A: Touchasaurus Spot.
Q: How do you write a book about Bats?    A: With a ghostwriter.
Q: How do you write a report on a Great Woolly Mammoth?    A: First, you get a really big ladder...
Q: How is a dog and a marine biologist alike?    A: One wags a tail and the other tags a whale.
Q: How is a rabbit like a cornstalk?    A: They both have big ears.
Q: How is a sled dog like your nose on a cold day?    A: They both run!
Q: How is cat food sold?    A: Usually purr can!
Q: How long are a sled dog's legs?    A: All the way down to the snow. (Or maybe... four feet?)
Q: How many arms has a crocodile got?    A: Depends how far he has got with eating his dinner!
Q: How many bees do you need in a bee choir?    A: A humdred!
Q: How many birds does it take to change a light bulb?    A: Toucan do it.
Q: How many books can you put in an empty backpack?     A: One! After that its not empty!
Q: How many cans does it take to make a bird?    A: Two cans.
Q: How many dinosaurs can fit in an empty box ?    A:  One . After that, the box isn't empty anymore!
Q: How many hairs in a rabbit's tail?    A: None, they're all on the outside.
Q: How many jugglers does it take to change a light bulb?    A: One, but it takes at least three light bulbs.
Q: How many magicians does it take to change a light bulb?    A: Depends on what you want to change it into.
Q: How many Mexicans does it take to change a light bulb.    A: Just Juan
Q: How many politicians does it take to change a lightbulb?    A: Two. One to change it, and another one to change it back again.
Q: How many Psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb?    A: Only one, but the bulb has got to really WANT to change.
Q: How many reindeer does it take to change a light bulb?    A: Eight. One to screw in the light bulb and seven to hold Rudolph down!
Q: How many sheep does it take to knit a sweater?    A: Don't be silly - sheep can't knit!
Q: How many skunks does it take to make a big stink?    A: A phew!
Q: How many stock brokers does it take to change a light bulb?    A: Two. One to take out the bulb and drop it, and the other to try and sell it before it crashes
Q: How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?     A: Tentacles.
Q: How much fur can you get from a dinosaur ?    A:  As fur as you can get!
Q: How much money does a skunk have?    A: One scent!
Q: I can run but not walk, have a mouth but can't talk, and a bed, but I do not sleep. What am I?     A: A River.
Q: If a four-legged animal is a quadruped and a two-legged animal is a biped,    What's a tiger?    A: A stri-ped!
Q: If a quadruped has four legs and a biped has two legs, what is a zebra?    A: A stri-ped.
Q: If Mississippi bought Virginia a New Jersey, what would Delaware?     A: Idaho... Alaska!
Q: If there's 4 birds sitting on a fence and you get a gun and shoot one, how many are left?    A: 0 birds are left because the rest fly away.
Q: If you call a large turkey a gobbler what do you call a small one?    A: Goblet.
Q: If your sled dog fell through a hole in the ice, what is the first thing it would do?    A: Get wet!
Q: In what country is Thanksgiving ironically not celebrated?    A: Turkey.
Q: In which river are you sure to find snakes?    A: The Hiss-issippi River!
Q: Is it good manners to eat fried chicken with your fingers?    A: No, you should eat your fingers separately.
Q: On which day do lions eat people ?    A: Chewsday !
Q: There were 10 cats in a boat and one jumped out. How many were left?    A: None, because they were copycats!
Q: "Waiter, what's this fly doing in my soup?"    A: "I think it's doing the backstroke!"
Q: "Were any famous men born on your birthday?"     A: "No, only little babies."
Q: Were do penguins get money from?    A: A fishbank.
Q: What airline do rabbits use?    A: British Hare-ways!
Q: What animal is bad to sit by when you're takingg a test?    A: A cheetah.
Q: What animals do you need to make a square?    A: 4 Lions.
Q: What animal sounds like a sheep but isn't?    A: A baaaa-boon!
Q: What are crisp, like milk and go 'eek, eek, eek' when you eat them?    A: Mice Krispies!
Q: What are four hundred rabbits hopping backwards?    A: A receding hare line.
Q: What bee is good for your health?    A: Vitamin bee!
Q: What belongs to you but others use more?     A: Your name
Q: What bird can you buy at the grocery store?    A: A kiwi
Q: What bird is helpful at dinner?    A: A swallow!
Q: What birds spend all their time on their knees?    A: Birds of prey!
Q: What books did the owl like?    A: Hoot-dunits!
Q: What bow can't be tied?     A: A rainbow!
Q: What buzzes, is black and yellow and goes along the bottom of the sea?    A: A bee in a submarine!
Q: What can you serve but never eat?     A: A volleyball.
Q: What caused the airline to go bankrupt?     A: Runway inflation.
Q: What concert costs 45 cents?     A: 50 Cent featuring Nickleback.
Q: What did a sign say outside the pet shop?     A: Buy 1 dog get 1 flea!
Q: What did Bacon say to Tomato?     A: Lettuce get together!
Q: What did Delaware?     A: a New Jersey
Q: What did mama buffalo say when her youngest went off to college?    A: "Bison!"
Q: What did mama owl say to baby owl?    A: You go and play dear, Owl watch from hear.
Q: What did one aspiring wig say to the other aspiring wig?     A: I wanna get a head!
Q: What did one candle say to the other?    A: "Don't birthdays burn you up?"
Q: What did one elevator say to the other elevator?     A: I think I'm coming down with something!
Q: What did one lab rat say to the other?    A: I've got my scientist so well trained that every time I push the buzzer, he brings me a snack.
Q: What did one plate say to the other?     A: Dinners on me
Q: What did one raindrop say to the other?     A: Two's company, three's a cloud
Q: What did the alien say to the cat?    A: Take me to your litter.
Q: What did the alien say to the garden?     A: Take me to your weeder.
Q: What did the baby corn say to the mama corn?     A: "Where's Popcorn?"
Q: What did the bald man say when he got a comb for his birthday?    A: Thanks. I'll never part with it!
Q: What did the banana say to the chimp?    A: Nothing, bananas don't talk!
Q: What did the bee say to the flower?    A: Hello honey!
Q: What did the bee say to the naughty bee?    A: Bee-hive yourself!
Q: What did the bee to the other bee in summer?    A: Swarm here isn't it!
Q: What did the blanket say to the bed?     A: Don't worry, I've got you covered!
Q: What did the bunnies say when the farmer caught them kissing in the garden?    A: Lettuce alone!
Q: What did the bunny give his girlfriend when he asked her to marry him?    A: A 13-carrot ring!
Q: What did the bus conductor say to the toad?    A: Hop on!
Q: What did the carrot say to the rabbit?    A: Do you want to grab a bite?
Q: What did the cat on the smart phone say?    A: Can you hear meow?
Q: What did the cat say to the dog?    A: Check meow-t!
Q: What did the cat say when he lost all his money?    A: I'm paw!
Q: What did the cat say when he lost his toys?    A: You got to be kitten me.
Q: What did the confused bee say?    A: To bee or not to bee!
Q: What did the cowboy say when the bear ate Lassie?    A: "Well, doggone!"
Q: What did the daddy chimney say to the baby chimney?     A: You are to little to smoke!
Q: What did the deer tell the hunter?    A: Buck Off!
Q: What did the digital watch say to his grandfather?     A: Look grandpa no hands!
Q: What did the dinosaur say when he saw the volcano explode?    A:  What a lava-ly day!
Q: What did the dog say to the flea?    A: Stop bugging me!
Q: What did the dog say to the sandpaper?    A: Ruff.
Q: What did the dog say to the tree?    A: Bark
Q: What did the duck say when the waitress came?    A: Put it on my bill!
Q: What did the female dinosaur call her blouse making business?    A:  Try Sara's Tops
Q: What did the femur say to the patella?     A: I kneed you.
Q: What did the fish say when he swam into the wall?     A: Dam!
Q: What did the gamekeeper say to the lord of the manor?    A: 'The pheasants are revolting'!
Q: What did the grape do when it got stepped on?     A: It let out a little wine!
Q: What did the grape say when the badger stood on it?    A: Nothing, it just let out a little wine!
Q: What did the hamburger name his daughter?     A: Patty!
Q: What did the horse say when it fell?    A: "I've fallen and I can't giddyup!"
Q: What did the hungry Dalmatian say when he had a meal?    A: That hit the spots!
Q: What did the hunter say when the polar bear ate his sled dog?    A: "Well, doggone!"
Q: What did the ice-cream say to the unhappy birthday cake?     A: "What's eating you?"
Q: What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?     A: SUPPLIES!
Q: What did the judge say to the dentist?     A: Do you swear to pull the tooth, the whole tooth and nothing but the tooth.
Q: What did the judge say when a skunk entered the courtroom?    A: Odor in the court!
Q: What did the judge say when the skunk walked in the court room?     A: Odor in the court.
Q: What did the leopard say after eating his owner?     A: Man, that hit the "spot."
Q: What did the light bulb say to the switch?    A: You turn me on.
Q: What did the lions say to his cubs when he taught them to hunt?    A: 'Don't go over the road till you see the zebra crossing.'
Q: What did the little mountain say to the big mountain?     A: Hi Cliff! Sometimes I tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward. That�s just how I roll.
Q: What did the man say to the wall?     A: One more crack like that and I'll plaster ya!
Q: What did the maple tree say to the woodpecker?    A: Leaf me alone!
Q: What did the M&M go to college?     A: Because he wanted to be a Smarty.
Q: What did the mother turkey say to her disobedient children?    A: "If your father could see you now, he'd turn over in his gravy!"
Q: What did the painter say to the wall?     A: One more crack like that and I'll plaster you!
Q: What did the penny say to the other penny?     A: We make perfect cents.
Q: What did the piglet want from the swine?    A: A piggyback ride.
Q: What did the pink panther say when he stepped on the ant?     A: deadant deadant deadant deadant.
Q: What did the polar bears say when they saw tourists in sleeping bags?    A: "Sandwiches!"
Q: What did the psychiatrist say to the flower?    A: "So what's bugging you?"
Q: What did the rabbit give his girlfriend?    A: A 14 carrot ring!
Q: What did the rabbit say to the carrot?    A: Its been nice gnawing you.
Q: What did the religious skunk say?    A: "Let us spray!"
Q: What did the seal with the broken arm say to the shark?    A: Do not consume if seal is broken.
Q: What did the sheep want to do?    A: To wool the world.
Q: What did the sick chicken  say?    A: "I have the people-pox!"
Q: What did the skeleton say to the puppy?    A: bonappetite
Q: What did the snake give to his wife?    A: A goodnight hiss!
Q: What did the spider say to the bee?    A: Your honey or your life!
Q: What did the stamp say to the envelope?     A: Stick with me and we will go places!
Q: what did the street shark say when something radical happened?    A: JAWESOME
Q: What did the tailor think of her new job?     A: It was sew sew.
Q: What did the teddy bear say after dinner?    A: I'm stuffed.
Q: What did the tie say to the hat?     A: You go on ahead and I'll hang around!
Q: What did the triangle say to the circle?     A: Your pointless!
Q: What did the turkey say before it was roasted?    A: Boy! I'm stuffed!
Q: What did the Tyrannosaurus rex get after mopping the floor?    A:  Dino-sore!
Q: What did the vet say after the rabbit died?    A: Hare today, gone tomorrow.
Q: What did the walrus say when it was late?    A: "I would have been here sooner, but my iceberg hit a ship."
Q: What did the witch do on her birthday?    A: She spellabrates.
Q: What did the wolf say when someone stepped on his foot?    A: Aoooowwwwww!
Q: What did they call prehistoric sailing disasters?    A: Tyrannosaurus wrecks.
Q: What did they call the canary that flew into the pastry dish?    A: Tweetie Pie!
Q: What did Winnie The Pooh say to his agent?     A: Show me the honey!
Q: What dinosaur is always sad?    A: Cryalotosaurus
Q: What do ants use to smell good?    A: Deodor-ant!
Q: What do baby apes sleep in?    A: Ape-ricots!
Q: What do baby swans dance to?    A: Cygnet-ure-tunes!
Q: What do Barn Owl's serve at parties?    A: Mush'Shrew'ms, 'Vole'avaunts and Micecream!
Q: What do bees do if they want to use public transport?    A: Wait at a buzz stop!
Q: What do bulls do when they go shopping?     A: They CHARGE!
Q: What do bunnies sing at birthday parties?    A: Hoppy birthday to you!
Q: What do cats eat for breakfast?     A: Mice Crispies!
Q: What do cats like to eat on sunny days?    A: Mice cream cones!
Q: What do cats wear at night?    A: paw-jamas!
Q: What do chicken families do on Saturday afternoon?    A: They go on peck-nics!
Q: What do chickens grow on?    A: Eggplants!
Q: What do chickens serve at birthday parties?    A: Coop-cakes!
Q: What do chickens study in school?    A: Eggonomics.
Q: What do chimps do when they go mad?    A: Go bananas!
Q: What do chimps do when they're mad at each other?    A: They have a Gorilla war!
Q: What do chimps wear when they are cooking?    A: Ape-rons!
Q: What do crocodiles call human children?    A: Appetizers.
Q: What do crocodiles drink before a race?    A: Gator-Ade.
Q: What do dinosaurs have that no other animals have?    A: Baby Dinosaurs.
Q: What do dinosaurs put on their pizza?    A: Tomato-saurus
Q: What do dogs and story tellers have in common?    A: They both have tails!
Q: What do dogs eat for breakfast?    A: Pooched eggs.
Q: What do ducks watch on TV?    A: Duck-umentaries!
Q: What does a bee get at McDonalds?    A: A humburger!
Q: What does a bird like in his soup?    A: Crowtons.
Q: What does a cat like to eat on his birthday?    A: Mice cream and cake!
Q: What does a cat say when somebody steps on its tail?    A: Me-ow!
Q: What does a chicken need to lay an egg every day?    A: Hendurance.
Q: What does a clam do on his birthday?    A: He shellabrates!
Q: What does a dinosaur call a porcupine?    A: A toothbrush.
Q: What does a giant Tyrannosaurus eat?    A:  Anything she wants!
Q: What does an alarm cluck say?    A: "Tick-tock-a-doodle-doo!"
Q: What does a nosey pepper do?     A: Gets jalapeno business!
Q: What does a shark like to eat with peanut butter?     A: Jellyfish!
Q: What does a Triceratops sit on?    A:  Its Tricera-bottom.
Q: What does a turtle do on it's birthday?    A: It shellebrates!
Q: What does a turtle need to ride a bike?    A: A shellmet.
Q: What does a Walrus get from sitting on the ice too long?    A: Polaroids!
Q: What does Calvin feed Hobbes?    A: Nothing he's already stuffed.
Q: What does my dog and my phone have in common?    A: They both have collar I.D.
Q: What does Pooh Bear call his girl friend?    A: Hunny!
Q: What does pooh eat at parties?    A: blue bear-y pie.
Q: What does the Lone Ranger say when he takes out the garbage?     A: To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump.
Q: What do fireflies eat?    A: Light snacks!
Q: What dog can jump higher than a tree?    A: Any dog can jump higher than a tree, trees cant jump.
Q: What do George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, and Christopher Columbus all have in common?    A: They were all born on holidays.
Q: What do get if you cross a duck and Santa?    A: A Christmas Quacker.
Q: What dog keeps the best time?     A: A watch dog.
Q: What dog wears contact lenses?    A: A cock-eyed spaniel!
Q: What do lawyers wear to court?     A: Lawsuits!
Q: What do Mastodons wear when they go swimming?    A: Their trunks.
Q: What do monkeys do for laughs?    A: They tell jokes about people!
Q: What do monkeys eat for dessert?    A: Meringue-utans!
Q: What do monkeys wear when they are cooking?    A: Ape-rons!
Q: What do moths study in school?    A: Mothematics!
Q: What do owls sing when it is raining?    A: 'Too wet to woo'!
Q: What do penguins eat for lunch?    A: Ice-burgers!
Q: What do Penguins like to eat?    A: Brrrrrrrritos.
Q: What do Penguins sing on a birthday?    A: Freeze a jolly good fellow.
Q: What do penguins wear on their heads?    A: Ice caps.
Q: What do pigs get when they're ill?    A: Oinkment!
Q: What do polar bears sing on a birthday?    A: Freeze a jolly good fellow.
Q: What do prisoners use to call each other?     A: Cell phones.
Q: What do rabbits put in their computers?    A: Hoppy disks!
Q: What do rabbits say before they eat?    A: Lettuce pray.
Q: What do sea monsters eat?     A: Fish and ships
Q: What do sharks call human children?    A: Appetizers.
Q: What do sharks eat for dessert?    A: Octo-pie.
Q: What do sled dogs play with to amuse themselves?    A: Their "Sony Sleigh Station".
Q: What do sled dogs say before telling you a joke?    A: "This one will sleigh you!"
Q: What do sloths make when it snows?    A: Slow Angels.
Q: What do sloths throw in winter?    A: Slowballs.
Q: What do snakes do after they fight?    A: Hiss and make up!
Q: What do they serve at birthday parties in heaven?    A: Angel cake, of course!
Q: What do toads drink?    A: Croaka-cola!
Q: What do turtles use to communicate?    A: A shellphone!
Q: What do you ask a sad horse?    A: "Why the long face?"
Q: What do you call 99 rabbits stepping backwards?    A: A receding hare line!
Q: What do you call a baby monkey?     A: A Chimp off the old block.
Q: What do you call a baby monkey?    A: A Chimp off the old block.
Q: What do you call a bear with no socks on?     A: Bare-foot.
Q: What do you call a bear with no teeth?    A: A gummy bear!
Q: What Do You Call A Bear With No Teeth?     A: A Gummy Bear
Q: What do you call a bee born in May?    A: A maybe!
Q: What do you call a bee explorer?    A: Christopher Colum-buzz.
Q: What do you call a bee that can't stop eating?    A: Chub-bee.
Q: What do you call a bee that lives in America?     A: USB
Q: What do you call a bee that lives in America?    A: USB
Q: What do you call a beetle that can dance?    A: A jitterbug.
Q: What do you call a Bee who is having a bad hair day?     A: A Frisbee.
Q: What do you call a Bee who is having a bad hair day?    A: A Frisbee.
Q: What do you call a bee who's had a spell put on him?    A: He's bee-witched!
Q: What do you call a belt with a watch on it?     A: A waist of time
Q: What do you call a big mean polar bear?    A: Don't call it anything - just RUN!
Q: What do you call a big white bear with a hole in his middle?    A: A polo bear!
Q: What do you call a bird that can fix anything?    A: Duck Tape.
Q: What do you call a bird that's afraid to fly?    A: Chicken.
Q: What do you call a black Eskimo dog?    A: A dusky husky!
Q: What do you call a blind dinosaur?    A: adoyouthinkhesaurus.
Q: What do you call a book that's about the brain?     A: A mind reader.
Q: What do you call a boy who finally stood up to the bullies?     A: An ambulance.
Q: What do you call a bug that jumps over cups?    A: A glasshopper!
Q: What do you call a bug with four wheels and a trunk?    A: A Volkswagen Beetle!
Q: What do you call a bunch of chickens playing hide-and-seek?    A: Fowl play!
Q: What do you call a bunny that has fleas?    A: Bugs Bunny!
Q: What do you call a bunny transformer?    A: Hop-timus Prime
Q: What do you call a bunny who tells jokes?    A: A funny bunny!
Q: What do you call a bunny with oodles of money?    A: A billion-hare!
Q: What do you call a cat in a station wagon?    A: A car-pet
Q: What do you call a cat race?    A: A meowathon.
Q: What do you call a cat that can address the media?    A: a Press Kit.
Q: What do you call a cat that can put together furniture from Ikea?    A: an Assembly kit.
Q: What do you call a cat that can rough the great outdoors?    A: A survival kit.
Q: What do you call a cat that gets anything it wants?    A: Purrr-suasive.
Q: What do you call a cat that lives in an igloo?    A: An eskimew!
Q: What do you call a cat that smells good?    A: prrrr-fume.
Q: What do you call a cat that swallows a duck?    A: A duck-filled-fatty-pus
Q: What do you call a cat that wears make up?    A: Glamourpuss.
Q: What do you call a cat who just ate a duck?    A: a duck-filled fatty puss.
Q: What do you call a cat with a lions roar?    A: Kitty Perry.
Q: What do you call a cat with eight legs that likes to swim?    A: An octopuss!
Q: What do you call a chicken with a piece of lettuce in its eye?    A: CHICKEN CAESER SALAD (CHICKEN SEES A SALAD)
Q: What do you call a chimp playing quidditch?    A: A hairy potter!!
Q: What do you call a cold dog?    A: A Chilli Dog.
Q: What do you call a cold dog sitting on a bunny?    A: a chili dog on a bun!
Q: What do you call a computer floating in the ocean?     A: A Dell Rolling in the Deep.
Q: What do you call a computer that sings?     A: A-Dell
Q: What do you call a condiment with a hit single?     A: a must"heard"
Q: What do you call a cow with a twitch?     A: Beef Jerky.
Q: What do you call a crate of ducks?    A: A box of quackers!
Q: What do you call a crazy chicken?    A: A cuckoo cluck!
Q: What do you call a crocodile that likes to bowl?    A: An Alley-Gator!
Q: What do you call a crocodile that makes others fight?    A: An Instigator.
Q: What do you call a crocodile with GPS?    A: A Navi-gator.
Q: What do you call a cross between a matador and a cute little puppy dog?    A: "A cocker Spaniard."
Q: What do you call a crushed angle?     A: a rectangle
Q: What do you call a dancing sheep?    A: A baa-lerina!
Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes?    A: I have no I-Deer
Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs?    A: Still no eye-deer.
Q: What do you call a dentist in the army?     A: A drill sergeant
Q. What do you call a dinosaur as tall as a house, with long sharp teeth, 12 claws on each foot and a personal stereo over his ears?    A. Anything you like, he won't hear you!
Q. What do you call a dinosaur as tall as a house, with long sharp teeth, and 12 claws on each foot?    A. Sir.
Q: What do you call a dinosaurs fart?    A: "A blast from the past"
Q: What do you call a dinosaur that eats it's vegetables?    A: A.brocoliosoarus
Q: What do you call a dinosaur that never gives up?    A:  Try and try and try and try-ceratops
Q: What do you call a dinosaur that never gives up?    A:  Try-Try-Try-ceratops !
Q: What do you call a dinosaur that's a loud sleeper?    A: A Snore-a-sorus
Q: What do you call a dinosaur that's a noisy sleeper?    A: A Bronto-snorus.
Q: What do you call a dinosaur that smashes everything in its path?    A:  Tyrannosaurus wrecks !
Q: What do you call a dinosaur with a extensive vocabulary?     A: a thesaurus.
Q: What do you call a dinosaur with a extensive vocabulary?    A: a thesaurus.
Q: What do you call a dinosaur with high heels?    A: My-feet-are-saurus
Q: What do you call a dinosaur with one eye?    A: Doyouthinkhesawus
Q: What do you call a dog magician?    A: A labracadabrador.
Q: What do you call a dog that can use the toilet?    A: A "poo-dle"
Q: What do you call a dog that goes to the bathroom indoors?    A: A pet project.
Q: What do you call a dog that licks an electrical socket?    A: Sparky.
Q: What do you call a dog with a fever?    A: A hot dog.
Q: What do you call a dog with a Rolex?    A: A watch dog.
Q: What do you call a dog with a surround sound system?    A: a Sub-woofer.
Q: What do you call a dog with no legs?    A: It doesn't matter.... he's not going to come anyway.
Q: What do you call a duck that steals?    A: A robber ducky.
Q: What do you call a duck with fangs?    A: Count Duckula!
Q: What do you call a dumb bunny?    A: A hare brain.
Q: What do you call a fake noodle?     A: An Impasta
Q: What do you call a famous turtle?    A: A shellebrity.
Q: What do you call a fashionable hippopotamus?    A: A hippo-ster.
Q: What do you call a fat chimp?    A: A chunky monkey.
Q: What do you call a fat psychic?     A: A four chin teller.
Q: What do you call a flying primate?    A: A hot air baboon!
Q: What do you call a flying skunk?    A: A smell-icopter.
Q: What do you call a Fly with no wings or legs?    A: A roll.
Q: What do you call a Fly without wings?    A: A walk.
Q: What do you call a freezing bear?    A: A brrrrrrr.
Q: What do you call a frozen dog?     A: A pupsicle.
Q: What do you call a frozen dog?    A: A pupsicle.
Q: What do you call a funny mountain?     A: hill-arious
Q: What do you call a gangsta snowman?     A: Froze-T
Q: What do you call a ghosts mom and dad?     A: Transparents
Q: What do you call a group of chickens clucking in unison?    A: A Hensemble.
Q: What do you call a group of men waiting for a haircut?     A: A barbercue
Q: What do you call a guy who never farts in public?     A: A private tutor.
Q: What do you call a happy bunny?    A: An Hop-timist.
Q: What do you call a happy penguin?    A: a Pen-Grin!
Q: What do you call a hedgehog with hot lips?    A: Sonic the Hedge-Snog.
Q: What do you call a holiday that bunnies go when when they first get married?    A: Bunnymoon!
Q: What do you call a horse that can't lose a race?     A: Sherbet
Q: What do you call a horse wearing Venetian blinds?    A: A zebra!
Q: What do you call a house that likes food?     A: a Condoment!
Q: What do you call a kids book about otters?    A: Harry Otter.
Q: What do you call a lamb covered in chocolate?    A: A Candy Baa.
Q: What do you call a large dog that meditates?    A: Aware wolf.
Q: What do you call a laughing jar of mayonnaise?     A: LMAYO
Q: What do you call a laughing motorcycle?     A: A Yamahahaha
Q: What do you call a lazy baby kangaroo?    A: A pouch potato!
Q: What do you call a lion wearing a stylish hat?    A: A dandy lion
Q: What do you call a lion who chases camels across the desert?    A: a chameleon.
Q: What do you call a lion who has eaten your mother's sister?    A: An aunt-eater!
Q: What do you call a lion with chicken pox?    A: A dotted lion.
Q: What do you call a litter of young dogs that have come in out of the snow?    A: Slush puppies!
Q: What do you call a long haired hippo?    A: A hippy
Q: What do you call a lost wolf?    A: A where-wolf!
Q: What do you call Alpacas taking over the world?    A: The Alpacalypse.
Q: What do you call a magician on a plane?     A: A flying sorcerer!
Q: What do you call a man with no body and just a nose?     A: Nobody nose.
Q: What do you call a man with seagull on his head?    A: Cliff
Q: What do you call a mean hippo?    A: A hippocrite
Q: What do you call a monkey in a minefield?    A: Baboom!
Q: What do you call a monkey that sells french fries?    A: A chipmunk.
Q: What do you call a monkey that succeeds at every sport?    A: A chimpion!
Q: What do you call a monkey who works in a call centre?    A: A who-rang-utang!
Q: What do you call a musician with problems?     A: a trebled man.
Q: What do you call an 80s synth pop band with a scoop of ice cream?     A: Depeche a la Mode.
Q: What do you call an alligator in a vest?     A: An Investigator
Q: What do you call an alligator in a vest?    A: An Investigator
Q: What do you call a naughty monkey?    A: A badboon!
Q: What do you call an Badger with a carrot in each ear?    A: Anything you want as he can't hear you!
Q: What do you call an crocodile in a vest?    A: An investigator.
Q: What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter?     A: An irrelephant.
Q: What do you call a nervous javelin thrower?     A: Shakespeare.
Q: What do you call an exploding monkey?    A: A baBOOM!
Q: What do you call an illegally parked frog?     A: Toad.
Q: What do you call an operation on a rabbit?    A: A hare-cut.
Q: What do you call an owl magician?    A: Hoooooo-dini
Q: What do you call an owl with a deep voice?    A: A growl!
Q: What do you call an owl with armor?    A: A Knight Owl
Q: What do you call an owl with a sore throat?    A: A bird that doesn't give a hoot!
Q: What do you call an under cover spider?    A: A spy-der
Q: What do you call an unpredictable, out of control photographer?     A: a loose Canon
Q: What do you call a painting of a cat?    A: A paw-trait
Q: What do you call a penguin in the desert?    A: Lost!
Q: What do you call a person that chops up cereal.     A: a cereal killer.
Q: What do you call a pig that does karate?    A: Porkchop!
Q: What do you call a pig that drives recklessly?    A: A road hog.
Q: What do you call a pig that won the lottery?    A: Filthy rich!
Q: What do you call a pig thief?    A: A hamburglar.
Q: What do you call a pig with laryngitis?    A: Disgruntled.
Q: What do you call a pig with no legs?    A: A groundhog.
Q: What do you call a pile of kittens     A: a meowntain
Q: What do you call a pile of kittens?    A: a meowntain
Q: What do you call a rabbit with fleas?     A: Bugs Bunny!
Q: What do you call a religious sheep?    A: a baaaa=ptist.
Q: What do you call a reptile that works on a farm?    A: An irri-gator.
Q: What do you call a rooster who wakes you up at the same time every morning?    A: An alarm cluck!
Q: What do you call a royal giraffe?    A: Your high-ness.
Q: What do you call a scary female horse?    A: A nightmare!
Q: What do you call a sea turtle that flies?    A: A shell-icopter!
Q: What do you call a sheep covered in chocolate?    A: A Candy Baa.
Q: What do you call a sheep that is always quiet?    A: A shhhheep!
Q: What do you call a sheep with a machine gun?    A: A b-aa-aa-aa-d situation.
Q: What do you call a sheep with no head and no legs?     A: A cloud!
Q: What do you call a sheep with no legs?    A: A cloud.
Q: What do you call a sick eagle?    A: Illegal
Q: What do you call a single buffalo?    A: A buffalonely
Q: What do you call a sleeping bull?     A: A bulldozer!
Q: What do you call a snake that builds things?    A: A boa constructor!
Q: What do you call a snake that only eats desert?    A: A pie-thon.
Q: What do you call a snake who works for the government?    A: A civil serpent!
Q: What do you call a snowman with a six pack?     A: An abdominal snowman.
Q: What do you call a South American girl who is always in a hurry?     A: Urgent Tina
Q: What do you call a three-footed aardvark?     A: a yardvark!
Q: What do you call a tiger that explodes?    A: A bang-al tiger.
Q: What do you call a toad spy?    A: A croak and dagger agent!
Q: What do you call a Triceratops who scores his first goal?    A: Dino- score!
Q: What do you call a truck-load of tortoises crashing into a train-load of terrapins?    A: a turtle disaster.
Q: What do you call a turtle that shits a lot?    A: a turdle
Q: What do you call a very religious person that sleep walks?     A: a Roman Catholic
Q: What do you call a very rude bird?    A: A mockingbird!
Q: What do you call a wasp?    A: A wanna-bee!
Q: What do you call a well balanced horse?    A: Stable.
Q: What do you call a wet bear?    A: A drizzly bear
Q: What do you call a window that raps?     A: 2PANEZ
Q: What do you call a woodpecker with no beak?    A: A headbanger!
Q: What do you call bears without ears?    A: B's
Q: What do you call cheese that is not yours?     A: Nacho Cheese
Q: What do you call having your grandma on speed dial?     A: Instagram.
Q: What do you call it when a dinosaur gets in a car accident?    A:  Tyrannasaurus wreck!
Q: What do you call it when Alpacas sing?    A: Alpacapella.
Q: What do you call it when you cross a dinosaur and a pig?    A: Jurassic pork!
Q: What do you call leftover aliens?     A: Extra Terrestrials.
Q: What do you call Long John Silver when he has a cat on his shoulder?    A: A purr-ate!
Q: What do you call owl gang violence?    A: Drive by hootings.
Q: What do you call sad coffee?"     A: Despresso.
Q: What do you call security guards working outside Samsung shops?     A: Guardians of the Galaxy.
Q: What do you call sheep taking over France?    A: Baaaa-stile Day.
Q: What do you call snake without clothes?    A: Snaked.
Q: What do you call someone who is afraid of Santa?     A: A Clausterphobic
Q: What do you call the cat that was caught by the police?    A: The purrpatrator.
Q: What do you call the new girl at the bank?     A: The Nutella!
Q: What do you call the stuff between a shark's teeth?    A: Slow Swimmers.
Q: What do you call two fat people having a chat?     A: A heavy discussion
Q: What do you call two fat people having a chat?     A: A heavy discussion.
Q: What do you call Tyrannosaurus rex when it wears a cowboy hat and boots ?    A:  Tyrannosaurus tex!
Q: What do you cal purple when it is being mean?     A: Violent.
Q: What do you do if your dog eats your pen?    A: Use a pencil instead!
Q: What do you do when your dog goes missing in the forest?    A: Put your ear to a tree and listen for the bark.
Q: What do you do with a sick wasp?    A: Take it to a waspital!
Q: What do you drive in a river?    A: An otter-mobile.
Q: What do you feed an invisible cat?    A: Evaporated milk.
Q: What do you find between the hooves of buffaloes?    A: Slow buffalo hunters.
Q: What do you get a girl that likes crocodiles?    A: All I got her is shoes.
Q: What do you get a hunter for his birthday?    A: A birthday pheasant.
Q: What do you get from a pampered cow?     A: Spoiled milk.
Q: What do you get if cross a Turtle with a Giraffe?    A: A Turtle-Neck
Q: What do you get if you a cross a card game with a typhoon?     A: Bridge over troubled water.
Q: What do you get if you cross a Beatle and an Australian dog?    A: Dingo Starr!
Q: What do you get if you cross a bee with a door bell?    A: A hum dinger!
Q: What do you get if you cross a cat with a dark horse?     A: Kitty Perry
Q: What do you get if you cross a cat with Father Christmas?    A: Santa Claws!
Q: What do you get if you cross a chicken  with a cement mixer?    A: A brick layer!
Q: What do you get if you cross a chicken with a cement mixer?    A: A brick layer!
Q: What do you get if you cross a cocker spaniel, a poodle and a rooster?    A: Cockerpoodledoo!
Q: What do you get if you cross a crocodile with a flower?    A: I don't know, but I'm not going to smell it!
Q: What do you get if you cross a dog and a cheetah?    A: A dog that chases cars - and catches them!
Q: What do you get if you cross a dog and a lion?    A: A terrified postman!
Q: What do you get if you cross a dog with a frog?    A: A dog that can lick you from the other side of the road!
Q: What do you get if you cross a duck with a firework?    A: A firequaker!
Q: What do you get if you cross a giraffes with a police-man ?    A: Long-arm of the Law !
Q: What do you get if you cross a gold dog with a telephone?    A: A golden receiver!
Q: What do you get if you cross a grizzly bear and a harp?    A: A bear faced lyre!
Q: What do you get if you cross a lion with a watchdog ?    A: A terrified postman !
Q. What do you get if you cross a mouse with a Triceratops?    A. Enormous holes in the base boards.
Q: What do you get if you cross an angry sheep and a moody cow?    A: An animal that's in a baaaaaaaad moooooood.
Q: What do you get if you cross a parrot with a woodpecker?    A: A bird that talks in morse code!
Q: What do you get if you cross a pig with a dinosaur ?    A:  Jurassic Pork!
Q: What do you get if you cross a polar bear and a harp seal?    A: A bear faced lyre!
Q: What do you get if you cross a Rottweiller and a hyena?    A: I don't know but I'll join in if it laughs!
Q: What do you get if you cross a sheepdog with a jelly?    A: The collie wobbles!
Q: What do you get if you cross a sheepdog with a rose?    A: A collie-flower!
Q: What do you get if you cross a skunk with a bear?    A: Winnie the PU!
Q: What do you get if you cross a teddy bear with a pig?    A: A teddy boar!
Q: What do you get if you cross a tiger and a sheep?    A: A stripey sweater.
Q: What do you get if you cross a tiger with a kangeroo?    A: A stripey jumper!
Q: What do you get if you cross a tiger with a sheep?    A: A stripey sweater!
Q: What do you get if you cross a tiger with a snowman?    A: Frostbite!
Q: What do you get if you cross a toad and a dog?    A: A croaker spaniel!
Q: What do you get if you cross a toad with a ferry?    A: A hoppercraft!
Q: What do you get if you cross a Triceratops with a kangaroo ?    A:  A Tricera-hops!
Q: What do you get if you cross a Woolly Mammoth and a kangaroo?    A: Big holes all over the ice!
Q: What do you get if you cross a zebra with an ape man?    A: Tarzan with stripes.
Q: What do you get if you kiss a bird?    A: A peck on the cheek!
Q: What do you get if you take a really big dog out for a walk?    A: A Great Dane out!
Q: What do you get when a chicken lays an egg on top of a barn?    A: An eggroll!
Q: What do you get when a dinosaur blows it's nose?    A:  Out of the way!!
Q: What do you get when dinosaurs crash their cars ?    A:  Tyrannosaurus wrecks !
Q: What do you get when you cross a bear and a skunk?    A: I don't know, but it can easily get a seat on the bus!
Q: What do you get when you cross a bear and a skunk?    A: Winnie the PU
Q. What do you get when you cross a bear with a garden?    A. Squash!
Q: What do you get when you cross a canary and a lawnmower?    A: Shredded tweet.
Q: What do you get when you cross a cat and an owl?    A: Meowls.
Q: What do you get when you cross a cat with a lemon?     A: A sour puss!
Q: What do you get when you cross a chicken with a duck?    A: A bird that lays down!
Q: What do you get when you cross a cow and a duck?     A: Milk and quackers!
Q: What do you get when you cross a crocodile and a rooster?    A: A croc-a-doodle-doo.
Q: What do you get when you cross a dog and a calculator?    A: A friend you can count on.
Q: What do you get when you cross a fridge with a radio?     A: Cool Music
Q: What do you get when you cross a frog with a rabbit?    A: A bunny ribbit.
Q: What do you get when you cross a gator and a poison frog?    A: A croak-odile.
Q: What do you get when you cross a giraffe with a hedgehog?    A: A six-foot toothbrush.
Q: What do you get when you cross a giraffe with a hedgehog?    A: A twelve-foot toothbrush
Q: What do you get when you cross a lawyer with the Godfather?     A: An offer you can't understand.
Q: What do you get when you cross a lion and a snowman?    A: Frost-bite!
Q: What do you get when you cross an owl and an oyster?    A: Pearls of Wisdom
Q: What do you get when you cross a parrot and a centipede?    A: A walkie-talkie.
Q: What do you get when you cross a pig and a cactus?    A: a porky-pine
Q: What do you get when you cross a pig with a dinosaur?    A: A porkasaurus rex!
Q: What do you get when you cross a race dog with a bumble bee?    A: a Greyhound Buzz.
Q: What do you get when you cross a robot and a skunk?    A: R-2 P-U!
Q: What do you get when you cross a sheep and a porcupine?    A: An animal that can sew its own sweaters.
Q: What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire?     A: Frostbite.
Q: What do you get when you cross a thought with a light bulb?    A: A bright idea!
Q: What do you get when you cross a turkey with a banjo?    A: A turkey that can pluck itself!
Q: What do you get when you cross a turkey with an octopus?    A: Enough drumsticks for Thanksgiving
Q: What do you get when you cross Bambi with a ghost?    A: Bamboo.
Q: What do you get when you cross fish and an elephant?     A: Swimming trunks.
Q: What do you get when you cross peanut butter with a buffalo?    A: You either get peanut butter that roams the range or a buffalo that sticks to the roof of your mouth.
Q: What do you get when you cross Sonic The Hedgehog and Curious George?     A: 2 Fast 2 Curious
Q: What do you get when you cross Speedy Gonzales with a country singer?     A: Arriba McEntire.
Q: What do you get when you cross the Godfather with an attorney?     A: An offer you can't understand.
Q: What do you get when you plant kisses?     A: Tu-lips (two-lips)
Q: What do you get when you pour hot water down a rabbit hole?    A: A hot cross bunny!
Q: What do you get when you put a bomb in a dinosaur?    A:  Dino-mite.
Q: What do you give a bee on the first day of class?    A: A Sylla-buzz.
Q: What do you give a dog with a fever?     A: Mustard, its the best thing for a hot dog!
Q: What do you give a sick bird?    A: Tweetment!
Q: What do you give nine-hundred-pound gorilla for his birthday?    A: I don't know, but you'd better hope he likes it!
Q: What do you need to know to teach a dinosaur tricks?    A:  More than the dinosaur !
Q: What do you say to a twenty ton dinosaur with headphones on?    A:  Anything you want. He can't hear you.
Q: What do you say when you meet a two-headed dinosaur?    A:  Hello, hello!
Q: What do you tell the guy who says he has a bulldog and shih tzu mix?    A: Bullshit
Q: What exam do young witches have to pass?     A: A spell-ing test!
Q: What family does Maiasaur belong to?    A:  I don't think any families in our neighborhood have one!
Q: What figure describes a lost parrot?    A: A polygon!
Q: What flies around your light at night and can bite off your head?    A: A tiger moth!
Q: What flies around your light at night and can bite your head off?    A: A tiger moth!
Q: What flies through the jungle singing opera?    A: The parrots of Penzance!
Q: What four letters will frighten a burglar?     A: O I C U
Q: What game do little bunnies like to play?    A: Hopscotch!
Q: What gets wetter the more it dries?     A: A towel.
Q: What goes dot-dot-croak, dot-dash-croak?    A: Morse toad!
Q: What goes through towns, up & over hills, but doesn't move?     A: The road!
Q: What goes up and down but doesn't move?     A: The temperature!
Q: What goes up and never comes down?    A: Your age!
Q: What goes up when the rain comes down?     A: An umbrella.
Q: What goes zzub, zzub?    A: A bee flying backwards!
Q: What happened to the dog that ate nothing but garlic?    A: His bark was much worse than it's bite!
Q: What happened to the dog that swallowed a firefly?     A: It barked with de-light!
Q: What happened to the dog that swallowed a firefly?    A: It barked with de-light!
Q: What happened to the wooden car with wooden wheels and wooden engine?     A: it wooden go!
Q: What happened when 100 hares got loose on Main Street?    A: The police had to comb the area.
Q: What happened when a faucet, a tomato and lettuce were in a race?     A: The lettuce was ahead, the faucet was running and the tomato was trying to ketchup.
Q: What happened when the dog went to the flea circus?    A: He stole the show!
Q: What happened when the pig pen broke?    A: The pigs had to use a pencil!
Q: What happened when the turkey got into a fight?    A: He got the stuffing knocked out of him!
Q: What happens if life gives you melons?     A: Your dyslexic
Q: What happens if you eat yeast and shoe polish?     A: Every morning you'll rise and shine!
Q: What happens when a dog chases a cat into a geysur?    A: It starts raining cats and dogs.
Q: What happens when a hen eats gunpowder?    A: She lays hand gren-eggs!
Q: What happens when ducks fly upside down?    A: They quack up!
Q: What happens when hippos get too cold?    A: They get hippothermia.
Q: What happens when it rains cats and dogs?    A: You can step in a poodle!
Q: What happens when monkeys overrun a casino?    A: You cash in your chimps.
Q: What happens when you bring a turtle to a party?    A: It becomes a shellebration.
Q: What happens when your kids want to buy a tortoise?    A: You shell out a lot of money.
Q: What has a spiked tail, plates on its back, and sixteen wheels?    A:  A Stegosaurus on roller skates!
Q: What has four wheels and flies?     A: A garbage truck!
Q: What has one head, one foot and four legs?     A: A Bed
Q: What has one horn and gives milk     A: A milk truck.
Q: What has wings, a long tail, and wears a bow?    A: A birthday pheasant!
Q: What is a bear's favorite drink?    A: Koka-Koala!
Q: What is a bee's favorite classical music composer?    A: Bee-thoven!
Q: What is a bee's favorite part of a relationship?    A: The Honeymoon period.
Q: What is a bees favorite shape?    A: A Rhom-buzz, of course.
Q: What is a bees favorite sport?    A: Rug-Bee.
Q: What is a birds favorite Beatles song?    A: Owl you need is love.
Q: What is a bugs favorite sport?    A: Cricket.
Q: What is a bunny's favorite dance?    A: The bunny hop!
Q: What is a caterpillar scared of?    A: A dogerpillar!
Q: What is a cat's favorite color?    A: Purrrple!
Q: What is a cats favorite musical instrument?    A: Purr-cussion.
Q: What is a cats favorite vegetable?    A: As-purr-agus.
Q: What is a chimp's favourite Christmas carol?    A: Jungle Bells!
Q: What is a chimps's favourite toy?    A: A Bab-boom-orang!
Q: What is a crocodile's favorite drink?    A: Gator-ade.
Q: What is a dinosaurs least favorite reindeer?    A: Comet.
Q: What is a dogs favorite flower?    A: Anything in your garden!
Q: What is a dog's favorite food?    A: Anything that is on your plate!
Q: What is a dogs favorite instrument?    A: A trom-bone.
Q: What is a duck's favorite TV show?    A: The feather forecast!
Q: What is a felines favorite day of the week?    A: Caturday.
Q: What is a French cat's favorite pudding?    A: Chocolate mousse!
Q: What is a hawks favorite show?    A: Bird "House of Cards".
Q: What is a hedgehog's favorite flavour of chips?    A: Prickled Onion!
Q: What is a horses favorite sport?    A: Stable Tennis.
Q: What is a lion's favorite food?    A: Baked beings!
Q: What is a meaning of a true friend?    A: One who remembers your birthday but not your age!
Q: What is a monkey's favorite biscuit?    A: Chocolate chimp cookie!
Q: What is an astronaut's favorite place on a computer?     A: The Space bar!
Q: What is a pig's favorite color?    A: Mahogany!
Q: What is a rabbit's favorite dance style?    A: Hip-Hop!
Q: What is a sharks favorite bible story    A: Noah's SHARK
Q: What is a sharks favorite sci-fi show    A: Shark Trek
Q: What is a snakes favorite dance?    A: The Mamba
Q: What is a snake's favorite subject?    A: Hiss-tory!
Q: What is a tree's favorite drink?     A: Root beer!
Q: What is black and white and eats like a horse?    A: A zebra.
Q: What is black and white and red all over?    A: A burnt penguin!
Q: What is brown and has a head and a tail but no legs?     A: A penny.
Q: What is furry and minty?    A: A polo bear!
Q: What is heavy forward but not backward?     A: Ton.
Q: What is in the middle of dinosaurs ?    A:  The letter "s"!
Q: What is it called when a cat wins a dog show?     A: A CAT-HAS-TROPHY!
Q: What is it called when a cat wins a dog show?    A: A CAT-HAS-TROPHY!
Q: What is lion's favorite food ?    A: Baked beings !
Q: What is small, furry and brilliant at sword fights?    A: A mouseketeer!
Q: What is sweet smelling, but cheeky?    A: A chim-pansy!!
Q: What is the best day to go to the beach?     A: Sunday, of course!
Q: What is the cat's favorite TV show?    A: The evening mews!
Q: What is the definition of Robin?    A: A bird who steals!
Q: What is the difference between a school teacher and a train?     A: The teacher says spit your gum out and the train says "chew chew chew".
Q: What is the fastest dog in the world?    A: A Labraghini.
Q: What is the fiercest flower in the garden?    A: A tiger lily!
Q: What is the first thing that bats learn at school?    A: The alphabat.
Q: What is the head of an Italian dinosaur family called?    A:  Ptera Don
Q: What is the most breathless thing on television?    A: The Pink Panter Show!
Q: What is the only kind of dog you can eat?    A: A hot dog!
Q: What is the tallest building in the world?     A: The library! It has the most stories!
Q: What is worse than a sled dog howling at the moon?    A: A whole team of sled dogs howling at the moon!
Q: What kind of a key opens a banana?    A: A monkey!
Q: What kind of bed does a mermaid sleep in?     A: A water bed!
Q: What kind of bee can't be understood?    A: A mumble bee!
Q: What kind of bee is a sore loser?    A: a cryba-bee
Q: What kind of bees hum and drop things?    A: A fumble bee!
Q: What kind of berry has a coloring book?     A: A crayon-berry
Q: What kind of bird can carry the most weight?    A: The crane
Q: What kind of bird doesn't need a comb?    A: A bald eagle.
Q: What kind of bird sticks to sweaters?     A: a Vel-Crow.
Q: What kind of books do bunnies read?    A: The ones with hoppy endings!
Q: What kind of bread does a horse eat?    A: Thoroughbred
Q: What kind of bug can't go into the men's bathroom?    A: A ladybug.
Q: What kind of bugs live in clocks?    A: Ticks!
Q: What kind of button won't unbutton?     A: A bellybutton!
Q: What kind of car does a sheep like to drive?    A: A Lamborghini
Q: What kind of car does Yogi bear drive?    A: A Furrari.
Q: What kind of cars do bunnies drive?    A: Hop rods!
Q: What kind of chicken grows on a tree?    A: Poultry.
Q: What kind of crackers do firemen like in their soup?     A: Firecrackers!
Q: What kind of dinosaur can you ride in a rodeo?    A:  A Bronco-saurus !
Q: What kind of dinosaur works for the police?    A: A trisara-cop.
Q: What kind of dog chases anything red?    A: A Bulldog.
Q: What kind of dog does Dracula have?    A: A bloodhound!
Q: What kind of dog likes taking a bath?    A: a shampoodle!
Q: What kind of driver never get a parking ticket?     A: A screw driver
Q: What kind of egg did the bad chicken lay?     A: A deviled egg!
Q: What kind of emotions do noses feel?     A: Nostralgia. Why did the dog cross the road? To get to the "barking" lot!
Q: What kind of fish do Penguins catch at night?    A: Starfish.
Q: What kind of flower doesn't sleep at night?     A: The Day-zzz
Q: What kind of horses go out after dusk?    A: Nightmares!
Q: What kind of jokes do sea turtles tell?    A: Shell-arious ones!
Q: What kind of jokes do you make in the shower?     A: Clean Jokes!
Q: What kind of key opens a banana?     A: A monkey!
Q: What kind of key opens the door on Thanksgiving?     A: A turkey!
Q: What kind of lights did Noah use on the Ark?     A: Flood lights!
Q: What kind of materials do dinosaurs use for the floor of their homes?    A:  Rep Tiles
Q: What kind of math do birds like?    A: Owlgebra.
Q: What kind of music does a bunny listen to?    A: Hip Hop!
Q: What kind of petroleum do snails use?    A: Shell!
Q: What kind of photos does a turtle take?    A: Shellfies.
Q: What kind of pole is short and floppy?    A: A tadpole!
Q: What kind of shoes do all spies wear?     A: Sneakers.
Q: What kind of shorts do clouds wear?     A: Thunderwear
Q: What kind of snake keep its car the cleanest?    A: A windshield viper!
Q. What kind of sports car does a cat drive?    A. A Furrari.
Q: What language do birds speak?    A: Pigeon English!
Q: What language do geese speak?    A: Porchageese
Q: What letter make honey?    A: b
Q: What looks like half a cat?    A: The other half!
Q: What made the dinosaur's car stop ?    A:  A flat Tire-annosaurus !
Q: What makes more noise than a dinosaur ?    A:  Two dinosaurs !
Q: What music are balloons scared of?     A: Pop music
Q: What never asks questions but receives a lot of answers?     A: the Telephone.
Q: What party game do rabbits like to play?    A: Musical Hares!
Q: What pet makes the loudest noise?     A: A trum-pet!
Q: What runs but can't walk?     A: The faucet!
Q: What runs but doesn't get anywhere?     A: A refrigerator.
Q: What's a bats favorite desert?    A: I-Scream!
Q: What's a bees favorite flower?    A: A bee-gonias!
Q: What's a caterpillar's favorite weapon?    A: A caterpolt!
Q: What's a chimpanzee's favourite music band?    A: The Gorillaz!
Q: What's a chimp's favourite pop group?    A: Bananarama!
Q: What's a chimp's favourite type of computer?    A: an Ape-le mac!
Q: What's a dogs favorite kind of pizza?    A: Pupperoni.
Q: What's a dog's ideal job?    A: Barkeology
Q: What's a hippos favourite kind of music?    A: Hip-hop
Q: What's a lion running a copy machine called?    A: A copycat!
Q: What's an iguanas favorite movie?    A: The Lizard of Oz.
Q: What's another name for a clever duck?    A: A wise quacker!
Q: Whats a penguins favorite relative?    A: Aunt Arctica!
Q: What's as big as a dinosaur but weighs nothing?    A:  Her shadow!
Q: What's a snake's favorite school subject?    A: Math, because it's an adder!
Q: What's a toads favorite flower?    A: A croakus!
Q: Whats a toads favorite game?    A: It's croak-et!
Q: What's a toads favorite sweet?    A: Lollihops!
Q: What's black and dangerous and lives in a tree?    A: A monkey with a machine gun.
Q: What's black and white and black and white and black and white and green?    A: 3 zebras fighting over a pickle.
Q: What's black and white and goes round and around?    A: A Penguin in a revolving door.
Q: What's black and white and red all over?    A: An embarrassed penguin.
Q: Whats black and white and red all over?    A: a penguin on a rampage
Q: Whats black and white and red all over?    A: A sun-burned zebra!
Q: What's black, white, black, white, black, white, black, white?    A: A penguin rolling down a hill
Q: What season is it when you are on a trampoline?     A: Spring time.
Q: What's easy to get into but hard to get out of?     A: Trouble
Q: What's got a trunk, ivory, and four legs?    A: An old piano in a tree! (Fooled ya! You were gonna say "a Great Woolly Mammoth", weren't you?)
Q: What's got six legs and can fly long distances?    A: Three swallows!
Q: What's green and hangs from trees?    A: Dinosaur snot.
Q: Whats green and hangs from trees?    A: Giraffe snot.
Q: What's green and purple and goes up and down?    A:  Barney in an elevator.
Q: What should you do if you find a Baboon sitting at your school desk?    A: Sit somewhere else!
Q: What should you do if you find a dinosaur in your bed ?    A:  Find somewhere else to sleep!
Q: What should you do if you see a shark?    A: Swim far, far away!
Q: What's invisible and smells like bananas?    A: A fart of a monkey.
Q: What's invisible and smells like carrots?    A: Bunny farts.
Q: What's invisible and smells like carrots?    A: Rabbit farts.
Q: What's invisible and smells like hay?    A: Horse farts.
Q: What's more amazing than a talking bat?    A: A spelling bee!
Q: What's more amazing than a talking dog?    A: A Spelling Bee.
Q: What's more dangerous than being with a fool?    A: Fooling with a bee!
Q: What soap do birds use?    A: Dove.
Q: What sort of clothes does a pet dog wear?    A: A pet-ticoat!
Q: What sort of key does a chimp need to open a banana?    A: A monk-key!
Q: What sound does a space turkey make?    A: Hubble, Hubble, Hubble!
Q: What sound does a turkey's phone make?    A: Wing! Wing!
Q: What sound do porcupines make when they kiss?     A: Ouch
Q: What so you call a snail on a ship?    A: a Snailer
Q: What's smarter than a talking parrot?    A: A spelling bee
Q: What's striped and bouncy?    A: A tiger on a pogo stick!
Q: Whats striped and bouncy?    A: A tiger on a pogo stick!
Q: What's striped and goes round and round?    A: A tiger in a revolving door.
Q: What's taken before you get it?     A: Your picture.
Q: What starts with a P, ends with an E, and has a million letters in it?     A: Post Office!
Q: What state do dogs like?    A: New Yorkie.
Q: What stays in the corner and travels all over the world?     A: A stamp.
Q: What stays on the ground but never gets dirty?     A: Shadow.
Q: What's the best way to get a man to remember your anniversary?    A: Get married on his birthday.
Q: What's the best way to stuff a turkey?    A: Serve him lots of pizza and ice cream!
Q: What's the best way to talk to a Tyrannosaur ?    A:  Long distance!
Q: What's the difference between a cat and a frog?     A: A Cat has nine lives but a Frog croaks every night!
Q: What's the difference between a cookie and a Mammoth?    A: Try dunking a Mammoth in your milk - THEN you'll know!
Q: What's the difference between a dog and a crocodile?    A: One's bark is worst than his bite.
Q: "What's the difference between a guitar and a fish?"     A: "You can't tuna fish."
Q: What's the difference between a healthy bunny and an odd bunny?    A: One is a fit bunny, and the other's a bit funny!
Q: What's the difference between a healthy rabbit and an odd rabbit?    A: One is a fit bunny, and the other's a bit funny!
Q: What's the difference between a pizza and an otter?    A: A pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven.
Q: What's the difference between a walrus and a banana?    A: You'd better find out, because if you ever try to peel a walrus.
Q: What's the difference between bird flu and swine flu?     A: If you have bird flu, you need tweetment. If you have swine flu, you need oink-ment.
Q: What's the difference between bird flu and swine flu?    A: If you have bird flu, you need tweetment. If you have swine flu, you need oink-ment.
Q: Whats the difference between roast beef and pea soup?     A: You can roast beef, but you cant pea soup!
Q: What's the easiest way to remember your wife's birthday?    A: Forget it once!
Q: What's the first bet that most people make in their lives?     A: the alpha bet
Q. What's the last thing to go through a bees mind when it hits your windshield?    A. Its bum.
Q: What's the silliest name you can give a tiger?  A: Spot.
Q: What's the unluckiest kind of cat to have?    A: A catastrophe!
Q: Whats the world weakest animal?    A: A toad, he croaks if you even touch him!
Q: What's the wrong time to reason with a snake?    A: When it's throwing a hissy fit.
Q: What street do horses live on?    A: Mane St.
Q: What street do lions live on?    A: Mane St.
Q: What streets do ghosts haunt?     A: Dead ends!
Q: What's white and swings through the trees?    A: A meranguetan!
Q: What's worse than a giraffe with a sore throat?    A:  A Diplodocus with a sore throat!
Q: What's worse than one crocodile coming to dinner?    A: Two crocodiles coming to dinner
Q: What's worse than raining cats and dogs?    A: Hailing taxi cabs!
Q: What the difference between a Buffalo and Bison?    A: You can't wash your hands in a buffalo!
Q: What the difference between you and a calendar?     A: a calendar has dates.
Q: What three candies can you find in every school?     A: Nerds, DumDums, and smarties.
Q: What time is it when a buffalo sits in your canoe?    A: Time to get a new canoe.
Q: What time is it when a Great Woolly Mammoth sits on your igloo?    A: Time to build another igloo.
Q: What time is it when a hippo sits on your bed?    A: Time to get a new bed!
Q: What time is it when ten dogs chase a cat?    A: Ten After One.
Q: What time is it when ten sled dogs are chasing a polar bear across the ice?    A: Ten after one.
Q: What to polar bears eat for lunch?    A: Ice berg-ers!
Q: What TV station do bees watch?    A: Bee bee c one!
Q: What type of snake does a baby play with?    A: A rattlesnake!
Q: What type of tool does a prehistoric reptile carpenter use?    A:  A dino-saw !
Q: What vehicle does T-Rex use to go from planet to planet?    A:  A Dinosaucer
Q: What vehicle has 4 wheels and flies?     A: a garbage truck.
Q: What washes up on very small beaches?     A: Microwaves!
Q: What was the average age of a cave man?    A: Stone Age!
Q: What was the first car Henry Fordasaurus invented?    A: A Model T-Rex.
Q: What was the most flexible dinosaur?    A:  Tyrannosaurus Flex.
Q: What was the scariest prehistoric animal?    A:  The Terror-dactyl !
Q: What was the special offer at the pet store this week?    A: Buy 1 Dog get 1 Flea!
Q: What was the spider doing on the computer?    A: Searching the web!
Q: What was Yogi bear looking for in the picnic basket?    A: Just the "Bear" necessities.
Q: What weighs 800 pounds and sticks to the roof of your mouth ?    A:  A peanut butter and Stegosaurus sandwich!
Q: What word looks the same backwards and upside down?     A: Swims
Q: What would happen if pigs could fly?    A: The price of bacon would go skyrocket.
Q: What would you call a rabbit who is mad at the sun?    A: A hot cross bunny.
Q: What would you get if you crossed a rabbit with a bumblebee?    A: A honey bunny.
Q: What would you get if you crossed a turkey with an evil spirit?    A: A poultrygeist!
Q: What would you give to a Mammoth that is having an anxiety attack?    A: Trunkquilizers!
Q: When can three giant dinosaurs get under an umbrella and not get wet?    A:  When it's not raining!
Q: When does a badger go "moo"?    A: When it is learning a new language!
Q: When does a bat go "mooooo"?    A: When it is learning a new language!
Q: When does a dog go "moo"?    A: When it is learning a new language!
Q: When do monkeys fall from the sky?    A: During ape-ril showers.
Q: When do spiders go on their honeymoon?    A: After their 'webbing' day!
Q: When do you have to dance like a fox?    A: When you're doing the fox trot.
Q: When do you stop at green and go at red?     A: When you're eating a watermelon!
Q: When is a birthday cake like a golf ball?    A: When it's been sliced.
Q: When is a polar bear not a polar bear?    A: When it's in a "grizzly" mood.
Q: When I was young there was only 25 letters in the Alphabet?     A: Nobody new why.
Q: Whens the best time to go to the dentist?     A: Tooth-hurty
Q: When the cat's away.....?    A: The house smells better!
Q: Where are sharks from?    A: Finland.
Q: Where are sled dogs trained?    A: In the mush-room!
Q: Where can a pig see the statue of Liberty?    A: New pork city.
Q: Where did the computer go to dance?     A: To a disc-o.
Q: Where did the dog fall asleep?    A: In the barking lot.
Q: Where did the duck go when he was sick?    A: To the ducktor!
Q: Where did the rabbit go when needed a hair cut?    A. The Hare Dresser.
Q: Where did the sheep get a haircut?    A: The baa-baa shop!
Q: Where did Velociraptor buy things?    A: At a dino-store!
Q: Where do bats keep their money?    A: The blood bank!!!
Q: Where do bees go on holiday?    A: Stingapore!
Q: Where do bees go to the bathroom?     A: At the BP station!
Q: Where do bees keep their money?    A: In a honey box!
Q: Where do birds invest their money?    A: In the stork market!
Q: Where do blind sparrows go for treatment?    A: The Birds Eye counter!
Q: Where do boats go when they get sick?     A: The dock
Q: Where do bulls get their messages?     A: On a bull-etin board.
Q: Where do chimpanzees keep their babies?    A: In ape-ricots!
Q: Where do chimps get their gossip?    A: On the ape vine!
Q: Where do chimps like to get their hair cut?    A: Vidal Baboon!
Q: Where do crayons go on vacation?     A: Color-ado!
Q: Where do dogs go after their tails fall off?    A: The re-tail store.
Q: Where do Easter bunnies go to dance?    A: To the Basket ball!
Q: Where does a blackbird go for a drink?    A: To a crow bar.
Q: Where does a dinosaur lay in the sun?    A:  At the dino-shore
Q: Where does a monkey cook his toast ?    A: Under a gorilla!
Q: Where does a Rottweiller sit in the cinema?    A: Anywhere it wants to!
Q: Where does a Tyrannosaurus sit when he comes to stay?    A: Anywhere he wants to.
Q: Where does bad light go?     A: PRISM!
Q: Where does bad light go?     A: To prism!
Q: Where does bird royalty live?    A: Duckingham Palace.
Q: Where do horses go when they're sick?    A: The horsepital!
Q: Where do lambs go when they die?    A: To the baa baa que.
Q: Where do most ants live?    A: In Antlantic City!
Q: Where do penguins go swimming?    A: At the South Pool!
Q: Where do penguins keep their money?    A: In a snow bank!
Q: Where do prehistoric reptiles like to go on vacation?    A:  To the dino-shore !
Q: Where do rabbits learn how to fly?    A: In the hare force!
Q: Where do sheep go on vacation?    A: To the baaaaaahamas.
Q: Where do sheep go to get haircuts?     A: To the Baa Baa shop!
Q: Where do sheep go when they die?    A: To the baa baa que.
Q: Where do snowmen keep their money?     A: In snow banks.
Q: Where do toads keep their treasure?    A: In a croak of gold at the end of the rainbow!
Q: Where do toads leave their hats and coats?    A: In the croakroom!
Q: Where do walrus' go to see movies?    A: The dive-in!
Q: Where do you find a birthday present for a cat?    A: In a cat-alogue!
Q: Where do you find a dog with no legs?    A: Right where you left him.
Q: Where do you find polar bears?    A: It depends on where you lost them.
Q: Where do you go to replace a rat's tail?    A: A re-tail store!
Q: Where do you send turtles who commit crimes?    A: To the shell-block.
Q: Where was the dinosaur when the sun went down ?    A:  In the dark!
Q: Which bird is always out of breath?    A: A puffin!
Q: Which birds steal soap from the bath?    A: Robber ducks!
Q: Which bunnies were famous bank robbers?    A: Bunny and Clyde!
Q: Which day do cheeky chimps like best?    A: Ape-ril fools day!
Q: Which day of the week do chickens hate most?    A: Fry-day!
Q: Which dinosaur can't stay out of the rain?    A: A Stegosaur-rust
Q: Which dinosaur is pure evil?    A: Daemonosaurus.
Q: Which dinosaur slept all day ?    A:  The dino-snore!
Q: Which is the building is the largest?     A: The library because it has the most stories.
Q: Which is the longest word in the dictionary?     A: "Smiles", because there is a mile between each "s"!
Q: Which is the strongest animal, snail or elephant.    A: Snail because ir carries it home on its back
Q: Which month do soldiers hate most?     A: The month of March!
Q: Which sea will make you go ape?    A: The chimpan-sea!
Q: Which side of a cheetah has the most spots?    A: THE OUTSIDE!
Q: Which side of a chicken has the most feathers?    A: The outside.
Q: Which weighs more, a ton of feathers or a ton of bricks?     A: Neither, they both weigh a ton!
Q: Who can shave 10 times a day and still have a beard?     A: A barber.
Q: Who cleans the bottom of the ocean?     A: A Mer-Maid
Q: Who did Bambi invite to his birthday party?    A: His nearest and deer-est friends.
Q: Who do fish always know how much they weigh?     A: Because they have their own scales.
Q: Who earns a living driving their customers away?     A: A taxi driver.
Q: Who gives crocodiles presents on Christmas?    A: Santa Jaws!
Q: Who gives sharks presents on Christmas?    A: Santa Jaws!
Q: Who goes to the bathroom in the middle of a party?     A: A party pooper.
Q: Who is a Penguin's favourite pop star?    A: Seal.
Q: Who is the bees favorite pop group?    A: The bee gees!
Q: Who is the bees favorite singer?    A: Sting!
Q: Who is the smartest pig in the world?    A: Ein- swine
Q: Who makes dinosaur clothes?    A:  dino-sewer.
Q: Who protects the Queen Bee?    A: Her Hub-bee.
Q: Who's faster, Sonic the hedgehog or a Japanese bullet train?    A: A bullet train of course, Sonic doesn't actually exist.
Q: Who was the most powerful cat in China?    A: Chairman Miaow!
Q: Who were the original transformers?    A: Vampire bats!
Q: Who writes books for little bees?    A: Bee-trix Potter!
Q: Why are birthday's good for you?    A: Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest!
Q: Why are bunnies so smart?    A: Because they know how to multiply!
Q: Why are cats so good at video games?    A: Because they have nine lives!
Q: Why are chefs so mean?     A: They beat eggs and whip cream.
Q: Why are dinosaurs no longer around?    A:  Because their eggs stink.
Q: Why are frogs so happy?     A: They eat whatever bugs them
Q: Why are most horses in shape?    A: Because they are on a stable diet.
Q: Why aren't sled dogs good dancers?    A: Because they have two left feet!
Q: Why are pirates called pirates?     A: Cause they arrrrr.
Q: Why are skunks so smart?    A: Because they have a lot of scents!
Q: Why are some fish at the bottom of the ocean?     A: Because they dropped out of school!
Q: Why are there old dinosaur bones in the museum?    A:  Because they can't afford new ones!
Q: Why can't a leopard hide?     A: Because he's always spotted!
Q: Why can't dogs work the DVD remote?    A: Because they always it the Paws button!
Q: Why can't leopards escape from the zoo?    A: They always get spotted.
Q: Why can't you give Elsa a balloon?     A: Because she will Let it go.
Q: Why can't you hear a pterodactyl using the bathroom?    A: Because the 'p' is silent
Q: Why can't your nose be 12 inches long?     A: Because then it would be a foot!
Q: Why can't you take a nap during a race?     A: Because if you snooze, you loose!
Q: Why couldn't anyone see the bird?    A: Because it was in da skies! (disguise)
Q: Why couldn't prehistoric man send birthday cards?    A: The stamps kept falling off the rocks!
Q: Why couldn't the butterfly go to the dance?    A: Because it was a moth ball!
Q: Why couldn't the hedgehog wash his hair?    A: Because he'd left his head and shoulders on the road.
Q: Why couldn't the little lamb play outside?    A: It was being baaaaaaaad!
Q: Why couldn't the pirate play cards?     A: Because he was sitting on the deck!
Q: Why couldn't the two Great Woolly Mammoths go swimming?    A: Because between the two of them - there was just one pair of trunks!
Q: Why did everyone hide from Sue on her birthday?    A: Because they wanted her to be Sue-prised!
Q: Why did God make only one Yogi Bear?     A: Because when he tried to make a second one he made a Boo-Boo
Q: Why did God make only one Yogi Bear?    A: Because when he tried to make a second one he made a Boo-Boo
Q: Why did Goofy put a clock under his desk?     A: Because he wanted to work over-time!
Q: Why did half a chicken cross the road?    A: To get to its other side!
Q: Why did Johnny throw the clock out of the window?     A: Because he wanted to see time fly!
Q: Why did King Kong climb the Empire State building?    A: Because he couldn't fit in the elevator!
Q: Why did Manny the Mammoth cross the road?    A: Because they didn't have chickens in the Ice Age.
Q: Why didn't the 11 year old go to the pirate movie?     A: because it was rated arrrrr
Q: Why didn't the dog speak to his foot?    A: Because it's not polite to talk back to your paw!
Q: Why didn't the leapord cross the road?    A: He didn't want to get spotted.
Q: Why didn't the skeleton go to the dance?     A: Because he had no-body to go with.
Q: Why didn't the skunk call his parents?    A: Because his phone was out of odor!
Q: Why didn't the T-rex skeleton attack the museum visitors?    A:  Because she had no guts!
Q: Why did Sally bring her skunk to school?    A: For show-and-smell!
Q: Why did the Apatosaurus devour the factory?    A:  Because she was a plant eater!
Q: Why did the Baboon fall out of the tree?    A: It was dead.
Q: Why did the baby strawberry cry?     A: Because his parents were in a jam!
Q: Why did the badger cross the road?    A: To prove to the possum that it could be done!
Q: Why did the bald man paint rabbits on his head?    A: Because from a distance they looked like hares!
Q: Why did the balloon burst?     A: Because is saw a lolly pop
Q: Why did the banana go to the Doctor?     A: Because it was not peeling well
Q: Why did the barber win the race?     A: Because he took a short cut.
Q: Why did the bear cross the road?    A: It was the chickens day off!
Q: Why did the bee get married?    A: Becase he found his honey
Q: Why did the bees go on strike?    A: Because they wanted more honey and shorter working flowers!
Q: Why did the belt get arrested?     A: He held up a pair of pants.
Q: Why did the belt go to jail?     A: Because it held up a pair of pants!
Q: Why did the birdie go to the hospital?     A: To get a tweetment.
Q: Why did the boy eat his homework?     A: Because his teacher said it was a piece of cake!
Q: Why did the boy feel warm on his birthday?     A: Because people kept toasting him!
Q: Why did the boy sprinkle sugar on his pillow before he went to sleep?     A: So he could have sweet dreams.
Q: Why did the boy throw butter out the window?    A: To see butter fly.
Q: Why did the boy tiptoe past the medicine cabinet?     A: He didn't want to wake the sleeping pills!
Q: Why did the bug cross the road?    A: Cause he wanted to see the "Lady bugs"
Q: Why did the bunnies go on strike?    A: They wanted a raise in celery!
Q: Why did the bunny build herself a new house?    A: She was fed up with the hole thing!
Q: Why did the bunny get so mad?    A: She was having a bad hare day!
Q: Why did the bunny like the adventure?    A: It was a "hare-raising tail"
Q: Why did the cactus cross the road?    A: It was stuck to the chicken!
Q: Why did the cat join the Red Cross?    A: Because she wanted to be a first-aid kit!
Q: Why did the chicken cross the basketball court?    A: He heard the referee calling fowls
Q: Why did the chicken cross the "net"?    A: It wanted to get to the other site!
Q: Why did the chicken cross the playground?    A: To get to the other slide.
Q: Why did the chicken cross the road half way?    A: He wanted to lay it on the line!
Q: Why did the chicken cross the road, roll in the mud and cross the road again?    A: Because he was a dirty double-crosser!
Q: Why did the chicken go to KFC?    A: To see his brother!
Q: Why did the chicken join a band?    A: Because it already had drumsticks.
Q: Why did the chicken lawyer cross the road?    A: To get to the car accident on the other side.
Q: Why did the chicken stand in the middle of the road?    A: Coz he wanted to play squash!
Q: Why did the computer break up with the internet?     A: There was no "Connection".
Q: Why did the computer go to the doctor?     A: Because it had a virus!
Q: Why did the cookie go to the hospital?     A: He felt crummy!
Q: Why did the cross-eyed teacher lose her job?     A: Because she couldn't control her pupils?
Q: Why did the dinosaur cross the road?     A: Because the chicken joke wasn't invented yet.
Q: Why did the dinosaur cross the road?    A:  Because the chicken wasn't invented yet.
Q: Why did the dinosaur cross the road ?    A:  The chicken hadn't evolved yet!
Q: Why did the dog bury himself in the back yard?    A: Cause you can't grow a tree without bark.
Q: Why did the dog cross the road?    A: To get to the "barking" lot!
Q: Why did the dog cross the road twice?    A: He was trying to fetch a boomerang!
Q: Why did the dog need help on his Pros and Cons chart?    A: He was CON-fused!
Q: Why did the dog stay in the shade?    A: Because he did not want to turn into a hot dog.
Q: Why did the farmer call his pig ink?    A: Because it always ran out of the pen!
Q: Why did the farmer name his pig ink?    A: Because he kept running ot of his pen
Q: Why did the giraffe get bad grades?     A: He had his head in the clouds.
Q: Why did the girl bring lipstick and eye shadow to school?     A: She had a make-up exam!
Q: Why did the hedgehog cross the road?    A: To see his flat mate!
Q: Why did the horse cross the road?    A: Because it wanted to see its neighbours!
Q: Why did the horse eat with its mouth open?    A: Because it had bad stable manners!
Q: Why did the hot dog turn down a chance to star in a major motion picture?     A: None of the rolls (roles) were good enough.
Q: Why did the hunter miss his mark?    A: He was not aiming deerectly for it.
Q: Why did the hunter name his sled dog Frost?    A: Because Frost bites!
Q: Why did the insomniac man get arrested?     A: He resisted a rest
Q: Why did the lamb call the police?    A: He had been fleeced
Q: Why did the lights go out?    A: Because they liked each other.
Q. Why did the lion loose at poker?    A. Because he was playing with a cheetah
Q: Why did the lions eat the preacher?    A: because he told them that they must put away their pride!
Q: Why did the lion spit out the clown?    A: Because he tasted funny.
Q: Why did the lion trainer buy new clothes for working with his lions?    A: He wanted to take 'pride' in his appearence!
Q: Why did the little girl get soap for her birthday?    A: It was a so a prize party!.
Q: Why did the little girl wash her bunny?    A: Because her hare was dirty!
Q: Why did the log fall into a creek?     A: Because that's how it ROLLS!
Q: Why did the manager hire the marsupial?     A: Because he was koala-fied.
Q: Why did the man lose his job at the orange juice factory?     A: He couldn't concentrate!
Q: Why did the man put his money in the freezer?     A: He wanted cold hard cash!
Q: Why did the man with one hand cross the road?     A: To get to the second hand shop.
Q: Why did the monkey like the banana?    A: Because it had appeal!
Q: Why did the music teacher need a ladder?     A: To reach the high notes.
Q: Why did the Owl invite his friends over?    A: He didn't want to be Owl by himself.
Q: Why did the owner get his dog a special collar?    A: He didn't want her to flea.
Q: Why did the parrot wear a raincoat?    A: Because she wanted to be a Polly unsaturated!
Q: Why did the pelican get kicked out of the restaurant?    A: Because he had a very big bill.
Q: Why did the picture go to jail?     A: Because it was framed.
Q: Why did the piece of gum cross the road?    A: Because it was stuck to the chicken's foot.
Q: Why did the pig cross the road?    A: He got BOARed.
Q: Why did the police arrest the turkey?    A: They suspected it of fowl play
Q: Why did the poor dog chase his own tail?    A: He was trying to make both ends meet!
Q: Why did the robber take a bath?     A: Because he wanted to make a clean getaway.
Q: Why did the rooster cross the road?    A: To cockadoodle dooo something!
Q: Why did the scarecrow win the nobel prize?     A: Because he was outstanding in his field.
Q: Why did the scientist go to the tanning salon?     A: Because he was a paleontologist.
Q: Why did the sloth get fired from his job?    A: He would only do the BEAR minimum.
Q: Why did the snake laugh so hard she started to cry?    A: She thought the joke was hisss-terical
Q: Why did the soccer player bring string to the game?     A: So he could tie the score.
Q: Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill?     A: He wanted to get to the bottom.
Q: Why did the tomato turn red?     A: It saw the salad dressing!
Q: Why did the traffic light turn red?     A: You would too if you had to change in the middle of the street!
Q: Why did the tree go to the dentist?     A: To get a root canal.
Q: Why did the t-rex cross the road?    A: Because the chicken hadn't evolved yet
Q: Why did the T-Rex eat hamburgers?    A:  Because he is a meat eater!
Q: Why did the turkey cross the road?    A: To prove he wasn't chicken!
Q: Why did the turkey sit on the tomahawk?    A: To hatchet.
Q: Why did the turtle cross the road?    A: To get to the shell station!
Q: Why did the two 4's skip lunch?     A: They already 8 (ate).
Q: Why did the vampire need mouthwash?    A: Because he had bat breath.
Q: Why did the wolf cross the road?    A: He was chasing the chicken!
Q: Why did they let the turkey join the band?    A: Because he had the drumsticks
Q: Why did Tigger look in the toilet?    A: He was looking for pooh.
Q: Why did Tigger look in the toilet?    A: He was looking for Pooh
Q: Why did Tony go out with a prune?     A: Because he couldn't find a date!
Q: Why do apes tell such bad stories?    A: Because they have no tales!
Q: Why do Baboons have big nostrils?    A: They have big fingers.
Q: Why do bears have fur coats?    A: Because they'd look stupid in anoraks!
Q: Why do bees buzz?    A: Because they can't whistle!
Q: Why do bees hum?    A: Because they've forgotten the words!
Q: Why do birds fly south?    A: Because it is to far to walk
Q: Why do birds fly South?    A: Because it's too far to walk.
Q: Why do birds fly south for the winter?     A: Its easier than walking!
Q: Why do dinosaurs eat their food raw?    A:  Cause they don't know how to cook
Q: Why do dogs bury bones in the ground?    A: Because you can't bury them in trees!
Q: Why do dogs wag their tails?    A: "Because no one else will do it for them!"
Q: Why does a brontosaurus have a long neck?    A: Because it's feet smell.
Q: Why does a chicken coop have two doors?    A: Because if had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!
Q: Why does a hummingbird hum?     A: It doesn't know the words!
Q: Why does a milking stool have only 3 legs?     A: Because the cow has the utter.
Q: Why does no one want to work for dogs?    A: Because they hound their employees.
Q: Why do fish live in salt water?     A: Because pepper makes them sneeze!
Q: Why do giraffes have long necks?    A: Because their feet smell!
Q: Why do golfers wear two pairs of pants?     A: In case they get a hole in one!
Q: Why do gorillas have big nostrils?    A: Because they have big fingers!
Q: Why do hens lay eggs?    A: If they dropped them, they'd break.
Q: Why do hummingbirds hum?    A: Because they don't know the words.
Q: Why do hummingbirds hum?    A: Because they forgot the words!
Q: Why don't blind people like to sky dive?    A: Because it scares the hell out of the dog.
Q: Why don't cats like online shopping?    A: They prefer a cat-alogue.
Q: Why don't crocodiles like fast food?    A: Because they can't catch it!
Q: Why don't dinosaurs ever forget?    A:  Because no one ever tells them anything!
Q: Why don`t ducks tell jokes when they fly?    A: Because they would quack up!
Q: Why don't Penguins like rock music?    A: They only like sole.
Q: Why don't people like bed bugs?    A: Because they get under their skin.
Q: Why don't rabbits get hot in the summertime?    A: They have hare conditioning!
Q: Why don't skeletons fight each other?     A: They don't have the guts.
Q: Why don't snakes need to weigh themselves?    A: Because they have their own scales.
Q: Why don't you see giraffes in elementary school?     A: Because they're all in High School!
Q: Why do pandas like old movies?    A: Because they're in black and white.
Q: Why do Penguins carry fish in their beaks?    A: Because they haven't got any pockets.
Q: Why do sea-gulls fly over the sea?     A: Because if they flew over the bay they would be bagels!
Q: Why do seagulls live by the sea?    A: Because if they lived by the bay they would be a bagel.
Q: Why do walrus' swim in salt water?    A: Because pepper water makes them sneeze!
Q: Why do watermelons have fancy weddings?     A: Because they cantaloupe.
Q: Why do we put candles on top of a birthday cake?    A: Because it's too hard to put them on the bottom!
Q: Why is a 2016 calendar more popular than a 2015 calendar?     A: It has more dates.
Q: Why is a baseball team similar to a muffin?     A: They both depend on the batter.
Q: Why is a bunny's nose always so shiny?    A: Because his powder puff is at the wrong end!
Q: Why is a leaky tap like a cowardly bunny?    A: Because they both runs.
Q: Why is a rabbit like a cent?    A: Because it has a head on one end and a tail on the other.
Q: Why is a sofa like a roast chicken?    A: Because they're both full of stuffing!
Q: Why is a tree like a dog?    A: Because they both lose their bark when they die.
Q: Why is Basketball such a messy sport?     A: Because you dribble on the floor!
Q: Why is England the wettest country?     A: Because the queen has reigned there for years!
Q: Why is it called a "litter" of puppies?    A: Because they mess up the whole igloo!
Q: Why is turtle wax so expensive?    A: Because their ears are so small!
Q: Why is your foot more special than your other body parts?     A: Because they have their own soul.
Q: Why shouldn't you taunt a crocodile?    A: Because it might come back to bite you in the end.
Q: Why should you never tell a pig a secret?    A: Because they love to squeal!
Q: Why should you take a pencil to bed?     A: To draw the curtains!
Q: Why wasn't the dog a smooth talker?    A: Because all he ever said was "Rough, Rough"
Q: Why was the birthday cake as hard as a rock?    A: Because it was marble cake!
Q: Why was the broom late?     A: It over swept!
Q: Why was the cat scared of the tree?    A: Because of its bark.
Q: Why was the cat sitting on the computer?    A: To keep an eye on the mouse!
Q: Why was the cat so small?    A: Because it only ate condensed milk!
Q: Why was the crow perched on a telephone wire?    A: He was going to make a long-distance caw.
Q: Why was the grocery store out of butter?    A: Because Butter flies.
Q: Why was the guy looking for fast food on his friend?     A: Because his friend said dinner is on me.
Q: Why was the little bear so spoiled?    A: Because its mother panda'd to its every whim!
Q: Why was the math book sad?     A: Because it had too many problems.
Q: Why was there thunder and lightning in the lab?     A: The scientists were brainstorming!
Q: Why was the robot mad?     A: People kept pushing its buttons.
Q: Why was the sheep arrested on the freeway?    A: Because she did a ewe-turn!
Q: Why were the Mammoths thrown out of the swimming pool?    A: Because they couldn't keep their trunks up!
Q: Why were the teacher's eyes crossed?     A: She couldn't control her pupils!
Q: Would you rather have a tiger eat your or a lion?    A: I would rather have a tiger eat a lion.
Silence is golden, Duct tape is silver
Smaller babies may be delivered by stork but the heavier ones need a crane.
Teacher: &quot;Where would you find an elephant?&quot;    Pupil:&quot;You don't have to find them, they're too big to lose!&quot;
Telling people about different types of dolphins gives me porpoise.
The guy who created Knock Knock jokes deserves a "No Bell" prize.
The past, present and future walk into a bar. It was tense.
There is only one place where you can find exotic animals. Zoo or False?
There once was a man named Ned Whose feet were too big for his bed So he cut them off and his friends did scoff, but at least he didn't bump his head.
There was a fight at the seafood restaurant, three shrimp got battered.
Today I gave my dead batteries away....Free of charge.
Two birds walked into a bar, the third one ducked.
Two fish swim into a concrete wall. The one turns to the other and says, "Dam!"
Two goats are out behind a movie studio eating old movie film.    One goat says to the other, "Pretty good, huh?"    The second goat says, "Yeah... but it's not as good as the book."
Two lumps of vomit are flying through the air one says to the other ''you look upset'' the other one says ''I know i was brought up around here.
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was asalted.
Two Scottish Ducks were waddling down the road.    One said "Quack"    The other said "I am going as Quack as I can"
Unicorns are real they're just fat, grey, and called rhinos.
Wanna go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.
Want to hear a clean joke? A kid jumped into the bath.
Want to hear a dirty joke? A kid jumped into a mud puddle.
What animals were last to leave the ark?    The elephants as they had to pack their trunks!
What are crisp, like milk and go 'eek, eek, eek' when you eat them?    Mice Krispies!
What are spiders webs good for?    Spiders!
What did mommy spider say to baby spider?    You spend too much time on the web.
What did one firefly say to the other?    Got to glow now!
What did one flea say to the other?    Shall we fly or take the dog.
What did one ocean say to the other? THEY just waved.... Did you sea what I did.... No? I'm shore you did.
What did the alien do to get the baby to go to sleep?    He rocked-it (rocket).
What did the alien say to the cat?    Take me to your litter.
What did the alien say to the garden?    Take me to your weeder!
What did the alien say to the gas pump?    Take your finger out of your nose while I speak to you.
What did the bus driver say to the frog?    Hop on!
What did the chewing gum say to the shoe?    I'm stuck on you!
What did the clean dog say to the insect?    Long time no flea!
What did the dolphin say when the priest tossed him a fish?    Holy Mackerel
What did the elephant say when the man grabbed him by the tail?    This is the end of me!
What did the fish say when he posted bail?    "I'm off the hook!"
What did the frog order at McDonald's?    French flies and a diet Croak
What did the frog say when he landed on a book?    Reddit!reddit!reddit!
What did the idiot do to the flea in his ear?    Shot it!
What did the magician say to the dolphin?    Pick a cod, any cod!
What did the mouse say when his friend broke his front teeth?    Hard cheese!
What did the people say when they were waiting for the dolphins to jump?    Water they waiting for!
What did the pink panther say when he stepped on the ant?    deadant deadant deadant deadant.
What did the sick frog need?    a Hoperation.
:. What did the tie say to the hat?     A: You go on ahead and I'll hang around
What did the tree say to the dog?    Tree: Do you like bark?    Dog: What do you think? I bark every day of my life. Of course I do
What did the worm say to the other when he was late home?    Where in earth have you been!
What did Tom get when he locked Jerry in the freezer?    Mice cubes!
What do aliens like to read?    Comet books!
What do aliens serve their food on?    Flying Saucers
What do ants eat for breakfast?    Croiss-ants
What do dolphins need to stay healthy?    Vitamin Sea.
What do elephants and trees have in common?    They both have big trunks!
What do elephants say as a compliment?    You look elephantastic!
What does a frog in Mcdonalds eat?    French Flies.
What does a frog say when it sees something great?    Toadly awesome!
What does a spider do inside your ear?    It makes your head spin.
What does a spider do when he gets angry?    He goes up the wall!
What does a twelve-pound mouse say to a cat?    'Here Kitty, kitty, kitty'!
What do farmers need to create crop circles?    A Pro-tractor.
What do Fireflies eat at a restraint?    A light meal.
What do fish need to stay healthy?    Vitamin Sea.
What do frogs drink?    Hot croako!
What do insects learn at school?    Mothmatics!
What do rodents say when they play bingo?    'Eyes down for a full mouse'!
What do running shoes do when they forget something?     They jog their memory.
What do sea monsters eat?    Fish and ships.
What do shrimp need to stay healthy?    Vitamin Sea.
What do stylish frogs wear?    Jumpsuits!
What do stylish kangaroos wear?    Jumpsuits!
What do toads drink?    Croak-a-cola!
What do unicorns call their father?    "Pop" corn.
What do unicorns use for money?    Corn "Bread."
What do whales eat?    Fish and ships.
What do whales like to chew?    Blubber gum!
What do you call 144 frogs in a box?    Gross!
What do you call a 100 year old ant?    An antique!
What do you call a bee that lives in America? USB
What do you call a bug that can't have too much sugar?    A: a diabeetle
What do you call a bunny transformer?    Hop-timus Prime.
What do you call a cheerful flea?    A hop-timist!
What do you call a chicken with a piece of lettuce in its eye? Chicken Caeser Salad (Chicken Sees A Salad)
What do you call a clock on the moon? A lunartick.
What do you call a crocodile with GPS?    A Navi-gator.
What do you call a dinosaur with high heels?     My-feet-are-saurus.
What do you call a dog magician? A labracadabrador.
What do you call a elephant that never washes?    A smellyphant!
What do you call a fish that can give you a face-lift?    A plastic Sturgeon.
What do you call a fish that knows addition?    An Octoplus.
What do you call a fish that needs help with his or her vocals? Autotuna
What do you call a fish with a tie?    soFISHticated
What do you call a fish with no eyes?    Fsh!
What do you call a Flea in a bar?    A Bar-Hopper!
What do you call a frog spy?    A croak and dagger agent!
What do you call a frog with no hind legs?    Unhoppy!
What do you call a goat at sea?    Billy Ocean.
What do you call a goat dressed like a clown?    A silly billy.
What do you call a goat on a mountain?    Hillbilly.
What do you call a goat that knows martial arts?    Karate kid
What do you call a goat with a beard?    Goatee!
What do you call a goat with one ear?    Van goat.
What do you call a guard with 100 legs?    A sentrypede!
What do you call a mad flea?    A looney-tic
What do you call a martian that can sing?    Bruno Mars.
What do you call a mouse that doesn't eat, drink, or even walk?    A computer mouse.
What do you call an alien spaceship that goes from planet to planet to planet?    A UF-hoe.
What do you call an alligator in a vest?    An Investigator
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An Investigator
What do you call an ant dipped in chocolate?    Decad-ant
What do you call an ant in space?    Cosmonants & Astronants!
What do you call an ant that won't go away?    Permanant
What do you call an ant who can't play the piano?    Discordant!
What do you call an ant who can't speak?    A mutant (mute ant).
What do you call an ant who likes to be alone?    An independant
What do you call an ant who lives with your great uncle?    Your great-ant!
What do you call an ant who skips school?    A truant!
What do you call an ant with lots of bling?    Extravag-ant
What do you call an elephant at the North Pole?    Lost!
What do you call an elephant in a phone booth?    Stuck!
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter?    An irrelephant.
What do you call an elephant that flies?    A jumbo jet!
What do you call an underwater transformer?    Octopus Prime.
What do you call an unemployed goat?    Billy Idol.
What do you call a pig that's not fun to be around?    A boar.
What do you call a pile of kittens A meowntain
What do you call a pirate droid?    Argh2-D2
What do you call a place where the animals pratice martial arts?    A Jujit-zoo.
What do you call a rabbit with fleas?    Bugs Bunny!
What do you call a rabbit with fleas? Bugs Bunny!
What do you call a seagull when it flies over the bay?    A bagel.
What do you call a shoe that looks like a banana?    A slipper.
What do you call a shrimp with a tie?    soFISHticated
What do you call a smelly fish?    A stink ray.
What do you call a Spanish goat with no back legs?    Gracias.
What do you call a well-dressed ant?    Elegant!
What do you call a wizard who flies around in a UFO?    A flying sorcerer.
What do you call a woman who can make shoes disappear?    The Great Shoe-dini.
What do you call a woman with a frog on her head?    Lilly.
What do you call it when worms take over the world?    Global Worming!
What do you call someone with an elephant on their head?    Squashed!
What do you call the best 'butter' on the farm?    A goat!
What do you call the story of The Three Little Pigs?    A: A pig tail!
What do you do when two snails have a fight?    Leave them to slug it out!
What do you get if cross a Food Processor with a Word Processor?    Minced Words
What do you get if cross a Termite with a Dinosaur?    Dino-mite!
What do you get if you cross a cat with a dark horse? Kitty Perry
What do you get if you cross a cat with a parrot?    A carrot!
What do you get if you cross a centipede and a chicken?    Enough drumsticks to feed an army!
What do you get if you cross a cocker spaniel, a poodle, and a rooster?    A cockapoodledoo!
What do you get if you cross a frog and a dog?    A croaker spaniel!
What do you get if you cross a frog with a ferry?    A hoppercraft!
What do you get if you cross a glow worm with a python?    A 15 foot strip light that can strangle you to death!
What do you get if you cross a kangaroo and a sheep?    A woolly good jumper.
What do you get if you cross a kangaroo & a sheep?    A wooly jumper!
What do you get if you cross a kangaroo with an alien?    A Mars-upial
What do you get if you cross a kangaroo with an alien?    A Mars-upial.
What do you get if you cross an elephant with a kangaroo?    Giant holes all over Australia.
What do you get if you cross a sheepdog and a bunch of daisies?    Collie flowers.
What do you get if you cross a worm and a young goat?    A dirty kid!
What do you get if you cross some ants with some tics?    All sorts of antics!
What do you get if you try to cross a mouse with a skunk?    Dirty looks from the mouse!
What do you get when two giraffes collide?    A giraffic jam.
What do you get when you cross a bank with a skunk?    Dollars and scents!
What do you get when you cross a bat and a bell?    A dingbat!
What do you get when you cross a bee, Hercules, and a moth?    A Behemoth
What do you get when you cross a cheetah & a hamburger?    Fast Food!
What do you get when you cross a frog with a rabbit?    A bunny ribbit.
What do you get when you cross a galaxy with a toad?    Star Warts!
What do you get when you cross a gator and a poison frog?    A croakadile.
What do you get when you cross a kangaroo with an angry man?    A kangryroo
What do you get when you cross a mink with an octopus?    A coat of arms.
What do you get when you cross an airplane with a magician?    A flying sorcerer.
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a dairy cow?    Peanut butter.
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a fish?    Swimming Trunks
What do you get when you cross a pig and a centipede?    Bacon and Legs.
What do you get when you cross a robot and a tractor?    A transfarmer.
What do you get when you cross a strawberry with a road?    A traffic jam!
What do you get when you cross a weeping willow and an UFO?    A crying saucer.
What do you get when you cross spiders and corn?    Cobwebs.
What do you get when you mix an elephant with a rhino?    Elephino.  (HEll if I know)
What do you get when you plant a frog?    A cr-oak tree.
What do you give a dog with a fever? Mustard, its the best thing for a hot dog!
What do you say to a hitchhiking frog?    Hop in!
What do you tell a dog in pumps?    Heel.
What farm animal keeps the best time? A watch dog!
What fish do road-menders use?    Pneumatic krill!
What fish goes up the river at 100mph?    A motor pike!
What fits your schedule better......Exercising 1 hour a day or being fat 24 hours a day?
What game do fish like playing the most?    Name that tuna!
What goes 99-clonk, 99-clonk, 99-clonk?    A centipede with a wooden leg!
What goes dot-dot-croak, dot-dash-croak?    Morse toad!
What goes dot, dot, dash, squeak?    Mouse code!
What goes eek, eek, bang?    A mouse in a minefield!
What goes "snap, crackle and pop"?    A firefly with a short circuit!
What happened after the dolphin ate tainted fish?    He lost his herring.
What happened when the dog went to the flea circus?    He stole the show!
What happens when you eat yeast and shoe polish?    Every morning you rise and shine.
What happens when you get scared half to death twice?
What happens when you put nutella on salmon?    You get salmonella
What happens when you throw one banana to two hungry Apes?    A banana split!
What has 3 tails, 4 trunks and 6 feet?    An elephant with spare parts!
What has 50 legs but cant walk?    Half a centipede!
What has antlers and sucks blood?    A moose-quito!
What is a dolphins favorite holiday?    Findependence day.
What is a dolphin's favorite TV show?    Whale of fortune!
What is a flea's favorite book?    The itch-hikers guide to the galaxy!
What is a frogs favorite place to eat?    At ihop!
What is a frogs favorite time?    Leap Year!
What is a martians favorite chocolate bar?    A Mars bar!
What is a mosquito's favorite sport?    Skin-diving!
What is a mouse's favorite game?    Hide and squeak!
What is a mouse's favorite record?    'Please cheese me'!
What is a myth?    A female moth!
What is an aliens favorite Disney movie?    Snow White and the Red Dwarfs.
What is an aliens favorite place on a computer?    The space bar.
What is an elephants favorite film?    Elephantasia
What is an elephants favorite sport?    Squash.
What is a robots favorite kind of music?    Heavy Metal.
What is a shrimps least favorite TV show?    Whale of fortune!
What is dry on the outside, filled with water and blows up buildings?    A fish tank!
What is gray, hairy and lives on a mans face?    A mouse-tache!
What is green and can jump a mile in a minute?    A grasshopper with hiccups!
What is green, sooty and whistles when it rubs its back legs together?    Chimney Cricket!
What is it called when a cat wins a dog show? A CAT-HAS-TROPHY!
What is smaller than an ant's dinner?    An ant's mouth!
What is small, furry and brilliant at sword fights?    A mouseketeer!
What is small, has a long tail and works with the police?    A gerbil shepherd dog!
What is the best way to communicate with a fish?    Drop it a line!
What is the best way to communicate with a shrimp?    Drop it a line!
What is the biggest ant in the world?    An elephant!
What is the definition of a slug?    A snail with a housing problem!
What is the difference between a flea bitten dog and a bored visitor?    Ones going to itch and the other is itching to go!
What is the difference between a fly and a bird?    A bird can fly but a fly can't bird!
What is the difference between a piano and a fish?    You can tune a piano but you cannot tuna fish.
What is the difference between a unicorn and a carrot?    One is a funny beast and the other is a bunny feast.
What is the maggot army called?    The Apple Corps!
What is the most expensive kind of fish?    a goldfish
What is the oldest animal in the world?    The zebra because it's in black and white.
What is worse than an alligator with toothache?    A centipede with athlete's foot!
What kind of ant can you colour with?    A crayant!
What kind of ant is good at maths?    An accountant!
What kind of ants are very learned?    Pedants!
What kind of car does a mouse drive?    A mini van
What kind of cheese do rodents like?    Mousearella.
What kind of currency do aliens use?    Starbucks
What kind of fish chase mice?    Catfish.
What kind of horse can swim underwater without coming up for air?    A seahorse!
What kind of musical instrument do mice play?    A mouse organ!
What kind of music do frogs listen to?    Hip Hop
What kind of music do planets sing?    Neptunes.
What kind of music do sophisticated frogs listen to?    Hopera.
What kind of music do sophisticated kangaroos listen to?    Hopera.
What kind of pole is short and floppy?    A tadpole!
What kind of shoes do frogs wear?    Open toad!
What kind of shoes do mice wear?    Squeakers.
What medicine would you give an ill ant?    Antibiotics!
What mouse was a Roman emperor?    Julius Cheeser!
What part of a fish weighs the most?    It's scales!
What party game do fish like to play?    Salmon Says.
What pillar doesn't need holding up?    A caterpillar!
What reads and lives in an apple?    A bookworm!
What's a caterpillar's favorite weapon?    A caterpolt!
What's a frogs favorite flower?    A croakus!
Whats a frogs favorite game?    It's croak-et!
What's a kangaroos favorite sweet?    Lollihops!
What's a mouse's least favorite record?    What's up Pussycat!
Whats a penguins favorite relative?    Aunt Arctica!
What's a toads favorite candy?    Lollihops!
What's big and grey and wears a mask?    The elephantom of the opera!
What's gray and furry on the inside and white on the outside?    A hamster sandwich!
What's gray and furry on the inside and white on the outside?    A mouse sandwich!
What's gray, squeaky and hangs around in caves?    Stalagmice!
What's green and dangerous?    A caterpillar with a machine gun!
What's grey and moves at a hundred miles an hour?    A jet propelled elephant!
What's grey, beautiful and wears glass slippers?    Cinderelephant!
What's grey but turns red?    An embarrassed elephant!
What's grey, has a wand, huge wings and gives money to elephants?    The tusk fairy!
What's grey, stands in a river when it rains and doesn't get wet?    An elephant with an umbrella!
What shoes do secret agents wear?    Sneakers.
What's invisible and smells like peanuts?    Elephant farts.
What squeaks as it solves crimes?    Miami mice!
Whats the best way to catch a fish?    Have some one throw it at you.
Whats the best way to catch a shrimp?    Have some one throw it at you.
What's the biggest moth in the world?    A mammoth!
What's the difference between a cat and a frog?    A Cat has nine lives but a Frog croaks every night!
What's the difference between a guitar and a fish? You can't tuna fish.
Whats the preferred car of frogs?    The Beetle.
Whats the world weakest animal?    A toad, he croaks if you even touch him!
What stroke do sheep enjoy doing?    The baaaackstroke!
What time is it when a elephant sits on a fence?    Time to get a new fence.
What time is it when an elephant sits on your bed?    Time to get a new bed!
What to polar bears eat for lunch?    Ice berg-ers!
What vehicle has 4 wheels and flies?    a garbage truck.
What was the snail doing on the highway?    About one mile a day!
What was the Tsar of Russia's favorite fish?    Tsardines!
What weighs four tons and is red?    An elephant holding its breath.
What would happen if tarantulas were as big as horses?    If one bit you, you could ride it to hospital!
What would you do if I stole a kiss? Call the Police
"When I die, I want my tombstone to be a WiFi hotspot......that way people visit more often."
When should you feed milk to a baby elephant?    When it's a baby elephant!
When should you stop for a glow worm?    When he has a red light!
Where are most shrimp found?    Between the head and the tail!
Where are whales weighed?    At a whale weigh station
Where do ants go for their holidays?    Frants!
Where do ants go to eat?    At a restaurant!
Where do bats keep their money?    The blood bank!
Where do dolphins sleep?    In a water bed.
Where does a hamster go for Spring Break?    Hamsterdam!
Where does an elephant pack his luggage?    In his trunk!
Where do fishes work?    The Offish
Where do fish sleep?    In a water bed.
Where do fish wash?    In a river basin!
Where do fleas shop at?    the flea market!
Where do frogs keep their treasure?    In a croak of gold at the end of the rainbow!
Where do frogs leave their hats and coats?    In the croakroom!
Where do moths come from?    Moth-erland
Where do sheep go to get haircuts? To the Baa Baa shop!
Where do shrimp sleep?    In a water bed.
Where do you find giant snails?    At the end of giants fingers!
Where do you weigh whales?    At a whale weigh station!
Where would an alien park his space ship?    A parking meteor!
Which day do shrimp hate?    Fry-day!
Which fish can perform operations?    A Sturgeon!
Which fish go to heaven when they die?    Angelfish!
Who cleans the bottom of the ocean?    A Mer-Maid
Who do elephants get their christmas presents from?    Elephanta Claus!
Who has large antlers, a high voice and wears white gloves?    Mickey Moose!
Who held the baby octopus to ransome?    Squidnappers!
Who is king of all the mice?    Mouse Tse Tung!
Who is the Spanish patron saint of shoes?    San Dalia.
Who sleeps at the bottom of the sea?    Jack the kipper!
Who was the most famous ant scientist?    Albert Antstein!
Why are ants bad at spelling?    They only know Conson-ants
Why are fish such intelligent creatures?    Because they swim in schools!
Why are frogs so good at basketball?    Because they always make jump shots.
Why are glow worms good to carry in your bag?    They can lighten your load!
Why are gold fish orange?    The water makes them rusty!
Why are robots shy?    Because they have hardware and software but no underware.
Why are spiders like tops?    They are always spinning!
Why can't a leopard hide?    Because he's always spotted!
Why can't a leopard hide? Because he's always spotted!
Why can't an elephant use a computer?    He's too afraid of the mouse.
Why can you never trust spiders?    Because they post stuff on the web.
Why didn't the shrimp share his treasure?    Because he's a little shellfish.
Why didn't the two worms get on Noah's Ark in an apple?    Because everyone had to go on in pairs!
Why did Sally fall off the swing?    She had no arms.    "Knock knock"    "Who's there?"    "Not Sally"
Why did the ant cross the road?    Because he needed to buy deodorant!
Why did the ant fall off the toilet seat?    Because he was pissed off.
Why did the chicken cross the road?    To get to your house.    Knock Knock    Who's there?    THE CHICKEN
Why did the chicken cross the road? To prove to the possum that it could be done!
Why did the dolphin blush?    Because it saw the oceans bottom.
Why did the dolphin cross the road?    To get to the other tide.
Why did the droid cross the road?    Because it was programmed by a chicken.
Why did the elephant cross the road?    Because the chicken was having a day off!
Why did the elephant leave the circus?    He was tired of working for peanuts.
Why did the elephants start a stampede?    Because they wanted to be herd.
Why did the fish blush?    Because it saw the oceans bottom.
Why did the fish go to Hollywood?    He wanted to be a starfish!
Why did the fly fly?    Because the spider spied 'er.
Why did the giraffe get bad grades?    He had his head in the clouds.
Why did the martian throw beef on the asteroid?    He wanted it a little meaty-or.
Why did the mouse stay inside?    Because it was raining cats and dogs.
Why did the robot go to the doctor?    Because it had a virus!
Why did the shrimp cross the road?    To get to the other tide!
Why did the skunk sleep under the car?    Because he wanted to wake up oily
Why did the tadpole feel lonely?    Because he was newt to the area!
Why did the whale cross the road?    To get to the other tide!
Why did the zebra cross the road?    Because it was a zebra crossing.
Why does an elephant wear sneakers?    So that he can sneak up on mice!
Why doesn't McDonald's serve escargot?    Because it's not fast food.
Why does the skunk bring toilet paper to the party?    Because he is a party pooper
Why do mice have long tails?    Well, they'd look silly with long hair!
Why do mice need oiling?    Because they squeak!
Why don't anteaters get sick?    Because they are full of antibodies!
Why don't dolphins pass their exams?    Because they work below C-Level.
Why don't dolphins play basketball?    Because there afraid of the net.
Why don't elephants like playing cards in the jungle?    Because of all the cheetahs!
Why don't Penguins like rock music?    They only like sole.
Why don't shrimp like basketball?    Cause they're afraid of the net
Why don't they play poker in the zoo?    Too many cheetahs.
Why do oysters go to the gym?    It's good for the mussel.
Why do the elephants have short tails?    Because they can't remember long stories!
Why do they call it a hot water heater when you don't have to heat hot water?
Why do we cook bacon and bake cookies?
Why do worms have trouble getting up in the morning?    Because the early bird catches the worm.
Why do you drive down a parkway but park in a driveway?
Why is everything delivered by a ship called cargo but if it's delivered by a car it's a shipment?
Why is it better to be a grasshopper than a cricket?    Because grasshoppers can play cricket but crickets can't play grasshopper!
Why was the baby ant confused?    Because all his uncles were ants.
Why was the moth so unpopular?    He kept picking holes in everything!
Why was the mouse afraid of the water?    Catfish.
Why was the robot mad?    People kept pushing its buttons.
Why was the robot tired when it got home?    It had a "hard drive"
Why were the elephants thrown out of the swimming pool?    Because they couldn't hold their trunks up!
Would you miss me if I left tomorrow?    Would you miss me if I left in a week?    Would you miss me if I left in a month?    Would you miss me if I left in a year?    Knock Knock    Who's there?    you have already forgotten me.
Yesterday a pig invited me to see his new home. Actually it was quite sty-lish.
You want to make bird puns?.....Toucan play that game.
